[SPEAKER_21]: My rule for these intros is not to bite off the lead story, but tonight is nearly all about the lead story.
[SPEAKER_21]: The story of 23 and a half years that chronicles the evolution of a broadcast.
[SPEAKER_21]: From PlayStation 2 to PlayStation 5 Pro.
[SPEAKER_21]: From DDR Solo 2000 to DDR World Tour.
[SPEAKER_21]: From Guitar Freaks to Fortnite Festival.
[SPEAKER_21]: 23 and a half Guinness record-setting years of gaming news.
[SPEAKER_21]: Take a bow and a drink.
[SPEAKER_21]: It's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you all about it.
[SPEAKER_21]: Starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
[SPEAKER_07]: Welcome back one more time to the show where every gamer has a voice.
[SPEAKER_07]: It is Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_07]: We are live tonight, November the 23rd of 2025 with this, our final episode tonight, OLR The Final.
[SPEAKER_07]: Been in the works since...
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_07]: and Jamie Summers.
[SPEAKER_07]: In the flesh tonight, even.
[SPEAKER_07]: Except that it's not coming through on the mic, unfortunately.
[SPEAKER_07]: What would a final show be without some final... The fuck?
[SPEAKER_07]: There we go.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hey!
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, an appropriate first word.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm on camera until I cry my makeup off.
[SPEAKER_02]: I've also come prepared.
[SPEAKER_02]: I have... You can't really see the etching, but it's an N7 etched glass.
[SPEAKER_18]: Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
[SPEAKER_02]: and I have a beer.
[SPEAKER_07]: And if you look behind me, I've trapped Midna in the office.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's right, Midna the kitty joining us here tonight as well.
[SPEAKER_32]: And also, damn it, Grandpa.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, so you mentioned that Matt from Horde House or Grandpa got you a present and I was sitting here going, he didn't send me anything.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, apparently something did just get delivered.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's your cue, Alan Alchemy, because I don't even know what it is.
[SPEAKER_07]: How much pumpkin spice is in it?
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm okay.
[SPEAKER_07]: I look a mess.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's okay.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hi, Alan.
[SPEAKER_07]: My ever-loving husband is here for the last episode.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't see flowers.
[SPEAKER_25]: No, hold on.
[SPEAKER_25]: It's a story in two parts.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay, a story in two parts.
[SPEAKER_25]: You're not doing the podcast anymore.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, I'm doing the podcast tonight.
[SPEAKER_25]: Well, I mean, after this.
[SPEAKER_25]: So you're of no use to him, so he wants to kill you.
[SPEAKER_07]: Are you... Grandpa!
[SPEAKER_07]: Grandpa!
Grandpa!
[SPEAKER_07]: I have diabetes.
[SPEAKER_07]: Why would you send me?
[SPEAKER_25]: You dumbass.
[SPEAKER_11]: What kind of gift is this?
[SPEAKER_02]: It's the gift you bring over to Jamie's house.
[SPEAKER_07]: For the podcast listeners, this is a bunch of small trick-or-treat sale Snickers, Twix, Milky Way type of assorted thing here.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'll be donating that to the homeless, I guess.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, yay, flowers for my funeral.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, I love it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_07]: No, in all seriousness, I do appreciate it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Also, I am in love with these lavender roses and I am going to press them.
[SPEAKER_07]: Put the candy away from my equipment.
[SPEAKER_02]: I will have to make sure that the lilies stay far away from Midna because every lily breed is poisonous to cats.
[SPEAKER_02]: But she will not come up here.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: If those are lilies, Alan, keep them away from the cats.
[SPEAKER_07]: They're too fat to get on the countertop.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's true.
[SPEAKER_07]: That is true.
[SPEAKER_07]: They're not going to get on the countertop.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, but Midna, even though she goes, I'm old lady!
[SPEAKER_02]: No.
[SPEAKER_02]: She will get up and smell everything.
[SPEAKER_02]: But right now, it is very full up on my desk.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, they're so pretty.
[SPEAKER_02]: This is the same color as the skirt I got married in.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh.
[SPEAKER_07]: You know, all three of us got married during the course of this program.
[SPEAKER_32]: Yes, we did.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, so, love that.
[SPEAKER_32]: Also, it's kind of ace colors, a little bit, the white and the purple.
[SPEAKER_07]: I was actually thinking that.
[SPEAKER_07]: I was wondering if he planned that to Summer Guard when he did that, so...
[SPEAKER_07]: But yeah, you're here in the flesh, DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_07]: It is great to see you tonight.
[SPEAKER_07]: And thank you for beating your face for the show tonight.
[SPEAKER_02]: She's full coverage tonight.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hey, I ran the razor and trimmed my beard up, but I was threatening online.
[SPEAKER_07]: I was like, ooh, should I go full 2007 Britney Spears and shave my beard off?
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm already bald, so I can't shave my head, but maybe shave my beard off as like a...
[SPEAKER_07]: Thanksgiving Crisis.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's something I'm thinking about doing.
[SPEAKER_07]: Loki, what do you say?
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's turn No Shave November into, not to take away from any charity causes or anything that month is about, but let's do things different and make it Shave Our Beards November.
[SPEAKER_07]: What do you think?
[SPEAKER_13]: No.
[SPEAKER_13]: I already shaved today.
[SPEAKER_13]: I can't wear my next beard.
[SPEAKER_07]: You know what?
[SPEAKER_02]: You know what?
[SPEAKER_02]: I shaved.
[SPEAKER_07]: Good, good.
[SPEAKER_07]: At least one of us did.
[SPEAKER_02]: Actually, I do like once a month shave my face with a dermaplane.
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_07]: Just a big thank you to everybody who's saying hello.
[SPEAKER_07]: Just pulling out some comments here.
[SPEAKER_07]: Also, I recognize the Level 6 hype train that just happened in chat.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't usually read all those things out on air tonight.
[SPEAKER_07]: We are going to do things a little different at the end of our show tonight, so I do want to caution you.
[SPEAKER_07]: Unfortunately, I will not be taking the time to read every
[SPEAKER_07]: VOG is forever.
[SPEAKER_07]: Kneel before VOG!
[SPEAKER_07]: That was our old thing.
[SPEAKER_07]: Angel!
[SPEAKER_07]: If tonight's show feels a little more unstructured and a little more unhinged, whatever you want, that's because it is.
[SPEAKER_07]: We already mentioned last week, we wanted to end with episode 1069.
[SPEAKER_07]: Nice.
[SPEAKER_07]: As far as the news and the normal stuff goes.
[SPEAKER_07]: So tonight really is just taking a trip back down memory lane.
[SPEAKER_07]: We have a few things for you.
[SPEAKER_07]: Maybe we have a few surprises for you.
[SPEAKER_07]: So we hope you'll stay till the very end.
[SPEAKER_02]: Drew, the ferret died finally.
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_07]: um how is how is this for an old throwback to a meme no one cur well but you and I were on the bar with him and he was there for the discussion I'm curious and I also saw what really bad photoshopping looks like I I wish him health and wellness I don't you know I hope he's doing well whatever the fuck he's doing but um he was there for that initial conversation but you and I still
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't even remember how it started, but you and I sort of were like, why didn't we do that sort of thing that we have going with it?
[SPEAKER_07]: Was it because we knew Travis was leaving at that point?
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't think we did.
[SPEAKER_07]: Because things were running parallel for a little bit.
[SPEAKER_07]: If you think I'm busy now and getting to that point where I'm like, time to free up my weekend, I was doing Under Sedation Live on Saturday nights, and then I was going to Rocky Horror, and then I was doing Orange Lounge Radio on Sunday nights.
[SPEAKER_02]: I was doing Under Sedation with you at the very end.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh yeah, at the very end, yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, and Jessica was doing DDR Freak Radio at the time.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, and that was funny because you knew that we were starting Orange Launch Radio and you knew about DDR Freak Radio.
[SPEAKER_07]: But neither one of because and I've been very transparent about this since then.
[SPEAKER_07]: Jessica and I at the time were not speaking to each other.
[SPEAKER_07]: Our friendship was in a hard place and we were not speaking to each other.
[SPEAKER_07]: So we we were developing these things in tandem and Jamie knew about both while she was balancing her personal friendships.
[SPEAKER_07]: But it was funny because you sort of had to play that role of like nudging us to be different.
[SPEAKER_07]: and that's why for those that don't know that's why when Orange Launch Radio started as a live 365 station so we didn't start as a podcast we started as a live 365 station that would play Bomani music not just DDR but 2DX and more
[SPEAKER_07]: We took the Dance Mania albums that a lot of the early DDR music came from and songs that we thought should be in DDR.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't remember what our theming was around that.
[SPEAKER_07]: We had a thing.
[SPEAKER_07]: We had a little bit more of a diversity to our playlist.
[SPEAKER_07]: To DDR Freaks Radio credit, because I'm not going to shade what they were doing.
[SPEAKER_07]: They did a great thing at that time.
[SPEAKER_07]: They were a complete DDR archive of music, whereas ours was more curated.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: It allowed us to do our different things.
[SPEAKER_07]: And it was really interesting because even though we launched right around the same time and we ran in tandem, we had our own listeners, we had the own thing.
[SPEAKER_07]: And then it did get to a point, Jessica and I
[SPEAKER_07]: Mended Fences and we're cool now everything's everything's cool with us um and um we were able to work together towards the end of DDR Freak because DDR Freak as a whole closed I don't even remember what year it was but it was it was a while um it was a while we had been to what two or three E3s by then mm-hmm
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, that's right.
[SPEAKER_07]: JD says the radio station was how I discovered OLR because we started partnering up at the end.
[SPEAKER_07]: They would syndicate Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_07]: So we would do our thing on Sunday and then they played the episodes on Monday or Tuesday because it got to a point, thanks to some of our friends that worked at Konami and some of the friends, we started debuting DDR music on our live show, which was a really cool thing.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I'm very grateful to this day that we got to debut the Ultramix 4 soundtrack here on this show.
[SPEAKER_07]: DJ Ranma S, Actdeft,
[SPEAKER_07]: And I want to say Echo Image was number one or number two, because we were all fanboys, fangirls, fan people of Echo Image back in the day.
[SPEAKER_07]: So they were number one or number two.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I want to say maybe, yeah, well, let me get to that, DarkSakura.
Yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: So yeah, we had a great partnership with DDR Free Radio.
[SPEAKER_07]: And then podcasting kind of became a thing.
[SPEAKER_07]: And we got into, we were doing our live show on Live 365.
[SPEAKER_07]: And we started doing, and if tonight's show seems scatterbrained, it's because it is.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's an emotional mess, it's scatterbrained, and it's ADHD.
[SPEAKER_07]: Put all of that together and you got a hot mess.
[SPEAKER_07]: So you...
[SPEAKER_07]: We split off into the podcast and was doing that for a little while.
[SPEAKER_07]: A little while, just like 18 years or so, however, to get us to where we're at today.
[SPEAKER_07]: But we were doing the podcast separately from the live show.
[SPEAKER_07]: So we did the podcast for what was supposed to be 20 minutes.
[SPEAKER_07]: Do you remember the Orange Lounge Radio to-go edition?
[SPEAKER_07]: It was 20 minutes we taped after the live show that was about all video games.
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_02]: and you went to the ceremony yeah I did in San Diego I got to see my sister who was stationed well she was out but her husband at the time was stationed in Coronado and I got to see my brother who was at Camp Pendleton nice because he was still enlisted he was still in the Marines so that was a fun little trip for you and I went to the zoo yeah
[SPEAKER_02]: Coronado is pretty.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm like, I want to I like Coronado.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's expensive.
[SPEAKER_07]: So at some point, the podcast part got longer and longer and then iTunes launched podcasting and we were in there day one in the podcast directory.
[SPEAKER_07]: And that just, like, our exposure went through the roof.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's when the news came out and did a bit on Governor Schwarzenegger's getting into podcasting.
[SPEAKER_07]: Here's some local nerds who've been podcasting for a bit now.
[SPEAKER_07]: You know, and that whole thing.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's still, that thing's still on YouTube.
[SPEAKER_07]: And there's that.
[SPEAKER_07]: And then...
[SPEAKER_07]: So we had that, but it became, it started to become, we were taping for like four and a half hours on a Sunday night.
[SPEAKER_07]: And remember the show was in person.
[SPEAKER_07]: So DarkSakura and Loki were driving to the apartment I lived in at the time.
[SPEAKER_07]: And some of that may have overlapped with when it was at Jamie's house and I drove to Jamie's house, but there was a little bit of driving involved.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's a long Sunday night.
[SPEAKER_07]: So finally, at some point we said, all right, we're going to merge these two things.
[SPEAKER_02]: And Shermie was your foot warmer.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yes, yes.
[SPEAKER_07]: There wasn't a lot of DDR talk happening and, you know, because Konami waited years to put out a new game.
[SPEAKER_07]: And so we said, you know what, let's just kind of merge a lot of the things we've learned from doing live show with what we've learned doing the podcast and we'll do our live show as a podcast.
[SPEAKER_07]: DJ Ranma S, Actdeft,
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_07]: Which for us, no big deal, right?
[SPEAKER_07]: Our show wasn't until Sunday.
[SPEAKER_07]: But for everybody else, they had to hold on the press.
[SPEAKER_07]: And then it turned out one outlet got to spill the Metal Gear Solid thing early.
[SPEAKER_07]: One outlet got to spill the Karaoke Country Revolution or whatever else was there early.
[SPEAKER_07]: And you saw how they... I kind of thought that was kind of dirty, but it's whatever.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's what the industry is sometimes for coverage.
[SPEAKER_07]: But nobody had the DDR thing.
[SPEAKER_07]: And when that news came out, that's all we talked about.
[SPEAKER_07]: And we had it on our website.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you to Dekeman, who built our website at the time.
[SPEAKER_07]: It was newer stuff.
[SPEAKER_07]: And we had the DDR song list and all that stuff was on there.
[SPEAKER_07]: And that got us a lot of looks, too, because nobody was under NDA for that.
[SPEAKER_07]: And we didn't care as much about the other stuff as we did that.
[SPEAKER_07]: So we got the jump on that, and that was a lot of fun.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_13]: It's okay, Naoki got to watch me play the game, so... That's right.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_02]: I just still remember... Oh my god.
[SPEAKER_02]: Wow.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm like, right now I'm flooded and overwhelmed thinking about E3 2006.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh yeah, E3... I have that picture of us.
[SPEAKER_07]: E3 2006 was wild, and I'm looking at Justin's comment in chat, hello, saying, I remember meeting you guys at E3 in like 2006 and being totally starstruck.
[SPEAKER_07]: Dude...
[SPEAKER_07]: You helped me cut the Wii line.
[SPEAKER_07]: I was obsessed with you because you got me to cut the line.
[SPEAKER_07]: I was so happy about that.
[SPEAKER_07]: And that is such an ironic statement considering I know where your path took you, Justin, through everything.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's very humbling and very kind of you to say that.
[SPEAKER_07]: But yeah, I forgot about that.
[SPEAKER_07]: I didn't.
[SPEAKER_07]: That was huge.
[SPEAKER_07]: You helped me cut that gigantic fucking line to go see the Wii.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I super appreciate that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Always know, when I saw you doing the other work that you did in your career, you can tell people who you are if you want.
[SPEAKER_07]: I was so proud of you when I saw all that, what you were up to and what you were doing.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I never forgot that kind gesture in 2006.
[SPEAKER_07]: So thank you, thank you.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, got to meet at DragonCon, says PodCulture.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, DragonCon is an amazing family.
[SPEAKER_07]: One of these days, I'll get DarkSakura and Loki to go, even if the show's ending.
[SPEAKER_02]: I sent you that picture of us, by the way.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay, don't...
[SPEAKER_02]: It's there!
[SPEAKER_07]: Why am I still getting alert?
[SPEAKER_07]: Sorry if you're getting Discord alerts, but those are supposed to be suppressed during the show.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know why they're coming through.
[SPEAKER_02]: I didn't hear anything.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's coming through on my end, but that's alright.
[SPEAKER_07]: Anyway.
[SPEAKER_07]: Um, where was I?
[SPEAKER_07]: We got all distracted.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, I never talked about... Well, we got to the... We talked about the awards and we talked about E3 2006.
[SPEAKER_07]: But an important thing that happened in between that point was our partnership with All Games Radio.
[SPEAKER_07]: Because, you know, we were going to be... Well...
[SPEAKER_07]: So Bobby told it on his show and I think he forgot.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's okay.
[SPEAKER_07]: Because Bobby, I'll talk about how great Bobby is later in this and working with us for literally 20 years.
[SPEAKER_07]: Bobby had us syndicated on All Games Radio for about a year as well.
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_07]: and yeah I know we didn't stay there for the entirety of our run but we had some great memories and some great years with All Games Radio and working with the folks and then when Live 365 was like we're gonna like triple our fees because of and it wasn't their fault it was what the government was doing with royalty fees and everything we said you know what
[SPEAKER_07]: and DarkSakura.com.
[SPEAKER_07]: to an extent.
[SPEAKER_07]: And that was huge for both of our stations.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I think it was great.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I'm really thankful to the new audience who got through that to this day.
[SPEAKER_07]: And that takes me to E3 2006, where DarkSakura sent that picture.
[SPEAKER_07]: Was this E3 2006?
[SPEAKER_02]: I think that was.
[SPEAKER_02]: Or maybe the year after, but I think it was 2006.
[SPEAKER_07]: Sorry, it's going to take me a minute to bring this up for the podcast folks.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm sorry, for the folks listening live.
[SPEAKER_07]: And for the podcast folks, you won't be able to see it, sorry, but it's a picture of a very young Rob with hair.
[SPEAKER_07]: and DarkSakura at, you can see the ESA thing in the back there, but that's us at E3 2006.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh yeah, it is.
[SPEAKER_07]: You can actually see it in the background.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, E3 2006.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, that was us.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, that was us.
[SPEAKER_07]: But that was also the year that All Games Radio did the whole
[SPEAKER_07]: That was great.
[SPEAKER_07]: I felt like a professional.
[SPEAKER_07]: That was the first time I felt pro.
[SPEAKER_07]: I know.
[SPEAKER_07]: I kind of felt like a rock star a little bit.
[SPEAKER_07]: A little bit.
[SPEAKER_07]: I mean, we were with a lot of other people that were in the same boat we were, but that was a really cool year.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I really appreciated that for sure.
[SPEAKER_02]: Absolutely.
[SPEAKER_07]: Mike Def says, Ginger Rob.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yep.
[SPEAKER_07]: Before I went gray, I actually had hair and it was red.
[SPEAKER_07]: So you can actually see my old hair color.
[SPEAKER_02]: I guess it was still dying her hair red back then.
[SPEAKER_07]: uh Burr11 says same found you from all games haven't been around but had to dip in for this last episode thanks for getting me through a lot of work days over the years thank you for that thank you thank you thank you um yeah Rob the red turned Rob the white dude COVID did a number on all of us all right and and so for the record you can't see her but I do have Midna in the room I might bring her on camera against her will later
[SPEAKER_07]: God, what else do we say about this journey?
[SPEAKER_07]: So we merged with All Games Radio, and then we were doing our thing for several years.
[SPEAKER_07]: E3 changed, and we didn't do E3 again until 2010, and I don't think we all went.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think I went.
[SPEAKER_07]: No, I went too.
[SPEAKER_07]: Did you go that year too?
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm trying to remember.
[SPEAKER_07]: It gets fuzzy at that point.
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, of course we did Disneyland.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, so it's all a blur.
[SPEAKER_07]: But around that time, 2012 is when we started VOG Network.
[SPEAKER_07]: We did leave all games, and I don't want to get into negativity because it wasn't negative.
[SPEAKER_07]: It was just...
[SPEAKER_07]: It was going this direction, and we wanted to go this direction.
[SPEAKER_07]: And we said, you know what?
[SPEAKER_07]: It's probably best we kind of fill out these things and do our visions in the way we want to do them.
[SPEAKER_07]: And so Bobby and I started VOG Network, and that's where we started.
[SPEAKER_07]: We also had pulled in several of our friends we met through the podcasting realm, like PodCulture was there at the beginning, Anime Jam Session, Girls Gone Wow was with us for a while, Horde House.
[SPEAKER_07]: There's a lot of shows there at the beginning, and we've been with the Voice Geeks Network ever since on this really great journey.
[SPEAKER_07]: So yeah, that was like 23 and a half years of history all kind of compressed down.
[SPEAKER_07]: But it's wild to think just really how long it's been.
[SPEAKER_07]: And it's been every Sunday for those, you know, 23 years.
[SPEAKER_07]: And...
[SPEAKER_07]: Just grateful to those of you that show up here and make it worth it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Whether you're here live or on the podcast feed.
[SPEAKER_07]: Because there's an awful lot of you here live tonight and I really appreciate it.
[SPEAKER_07]: But also on the podcast feed.
[SPEAKER_07]: I know many of you listen on the podcast feed.
[SPEAKER_07]: Some of you in Discord.
[SPEAKER_07]: And somebody in chat had said y'all should join the Discord.
[SPEAKER_07]: Sorry, it's scrolling by faster than I. I'm not sure who said what.
[SPEAKER_07]: But somebody said you should join the Discord server.
[SPEAKER_07]: And yes, I agree.
[SPEAKER_07]: VOGnetwork.com.
[SPEAKER_07]: Because again, even though this show is ending...
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm a little drunk right now, so probably more beer.
[SPEAKER_07]: No driving.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm at my house, Rob.
[SPEAKER_07]: Where am I going to go?
[SPEAKER_32]: I'm going to go drive to the ballet studio.
[SPEAKER_07]: Maybe you want taquitos.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't fucking know.
[SPEAKER_07]: We got DoorDash now.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's what Dan's for.
[SPEAKER_02]: I have a bunch of peanut M&M's that I'm sure Dan's going to steal a bag from me because those are his favorite.
[SPEAKER_02]: I can't talk about one of them because you're all going to find out.
[SPEAKER_30]: Oh yes, you'll find out.
[SPEAKER_30]: You must stay for the end, but you will find out.
[SPEAKER_02]: Other than that, I am going to still be streaming.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm going to put a lot more effort into my channel.
[SPEAKER_02]: In fact, I'm hoping to petition friends to help me to build.
[SPEAKER_02]: I didn't think I would really enjoy streaming as much as I do.
[SPEAKER_02]: I kind of got scared off Twitch for a little while.
[SPEAKER_02]: I've been on there since 2017.
[SPEAKER_02]: But coming back and finding how much I love Dead by Daylight and having a place that I can play Hot to Full Boyfriend, Holiday Star once a year, and all of the people I've met, I've had a lot of support and I appreciate the continued support.
[SPEAKER_02]: And honestly, it really...
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_02]: And then me passing out in the car on the way back and getting a stripe across my chest from the seatbelt.
[SPEAKER_02]: Thank you, Matt, for that.
[SPEAKER_02]: That was fun.
[SPEAKER_02]: And that is honestly the last time I've been to Pensacola.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then I remember going for another trip and going to a DDR tournament.
[SPEAKER_02]: Was it in Metairie?
[SPEAKER_02]: I think it was in Metairie.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yes, you bought me a penis cookie.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was the macaroon, and I ate all of that.
[SPEAKER_02]: That macaroon, it was actually really delicious.
[SPEAKER_02]: Remember the podcast.
[SPEAKER_07]: Jamie's been drinking a little bit.
[SPEAKER_07]: Remember, we got the podcast listeners.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hey, I can do what I want.
[SPEAKER_02]: I do what I want.
[SPEAKER_07]: She's responding to a lot of comments in chat.
[SPEAKER_07]: We have a very crowded chat room tonight.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you for being here.
[SPEAKER_02]: You know, one more person and it'll be 69.
[SPEAKER_02]: Nice.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway.
[SPEAKER_02]: But yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: So that's going to be my thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm doing a sub-a-thon on next Sunday to fill the blazing, aching gap in my soul.
[SPEAKER_02]: Rob!
[SPEAKER_02]: Loki!
[SPEAKER_02]: Midna!
[SPEAKER_02]: But yeah, I'm going to be doing a sub-a-thon next week.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm going to be doing Dead by Daylight, trying to get Pig to P100.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because I am a filthy, dirty pig main.
[SPEAKER_02]: And apart from that, I'm still doing graphic work.
[SPEAKER_02]: Things are going well for me at my job.
[SPEAKER_02]: And yeah.
[SPEAKER_32]: And of course, there's the new thing.
[SPEAKER_32]: Or is it new?
[SPEAKER_32]: Or is it?
[SPEAKER_32]: What is butter?
[SPEAKER_32]: Think about it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Honk if you exist Oh, I'm sorry, I'm channeling Omega Mart Jamie, just remember as you drink, this is the episode that will be it for some people You know what?
[SPEAKER_32]: I have a rule for everybody right now Why aren't y'all drinking?
[SPEAKER_07]: Because I have to work tomorrow
[SPEAKER_32]: Girl, I took tomorrow off.
[SPEAKER_07]: I have to play.
[SPEAKER_32]: I'm not drunk.
[SPEAKER_32]: I'm buzzed.
[SPEAKER_07]: Anyway, all right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's see.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm almost done with this Guinness, and we've been live for 30 minutes.
[SPEAKER_07]: Go into our chat room.
[SPEAKER_02]: This is my last Guinness, too.
[SPEAKER_07]: There was a comment that was made.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's see.
[SPEAKER_07]: There was a comment from ImmortalKing who said,
[SPEAKER_07]: Can't you do a poll in Twitch?
[SPEAKER_32]: We can totally do a poll in Twitch.
[SPEAKER_07]: I already looked into that.
[SPEAKER_07]: The maximum is five responses in Twitch.
[SPEAKER_02]: Girl, there are poll sites on the internet that you can use for free.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's fine.
[SPEAKER_07]: We will look back on the gaming headlines in different ways, but we didn't want to do that.
[SPEAKER_07]: And plus, usually we would have a fourth chair for a list list, and tonight it's just the three of us for now.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's okay.
[SPEAKER_02]: SurveyMonkey!
[SPEAKER_07]: We'll do a look back on 23 and a half years of gaming news in just a little bit.
[SPEAKER_02]: Maybe, I have an idea, Rob.
[SPEAKER_02]: What?
[SPEAKER_02]: In a little bit, why don't we each put up a memory and have our listeners vote on it?
[SPEAKER_11]: There you go.
[SPEAKER_11]: Yes, we can do that.
[SPEAKER_11]: Oh, I got someone knocking on my door.
[SPEAKER_11]: One sec.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay, uh-oh.
[SPEAKER_02]: Tell them to bring me a pizza!
No!
[SPEAKER_07]: or Waffles.
[SPEAKER_07]: So, Jamie, is there anything else you want to share for your future and what that looks like?
[SPEAKER_02]: My future probably has me opening up that bottle of wine because I'm not going to get through the night sober.
[SPEAKER_02]: I am too emotionally over... If you see my camera turn off, it's because my ass went for another beer, okay?
[SPEAKER_02]: My ass went for another... And the rest of me went with my ass to get that beer.
[SPEAKER_02]: And...
[SPEAKER_02]: We're tempted to actually make a cocktail.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm gonna make a cocktail.
[SPEAKER_07]: What happened, Loki?
[SPEAKER_02]: And you know what?
[SPEAKER_13]: I also got a delivery.
[SPEAKER_13]: What'd you get?
[SPEAKER_13]: I got the flowers in peanut butter M&M's.
[SPEAKER_13]: Yum.
[SPEAKER_02]: Peanut butter?!
[SPEAKER_02]: !
[SPEAKER_13]: Well, these are going to go to the kids.
[SPEAKER_13]: The flowers?
[SPEAKER_07]: That's what I see to give the flowers to the kids.
[SPEAKER_02]: No, dude, I will trade you one of these peanut ones for your peanut butter ones.
[SPEAKER_13]: I really appreciate it.
[SPEAKER_13]: I hate peanut butter chocolate together.
[SPEAKER_13]: No offense.
[SPEAKER_13]: It's just, it's not, I don't like that.
[SPEAKER_11]: No, Loki, Loki, Loki.
[SPEAKER_11]: Do you want my bag of diabetes candy?
[SPEAKER_11]: No, I'm good.
[SPEAKER_02]: Loki, save one of those bags for me and I will give you the peanut ones.
[SPEAKER_13]: it's all good no I want the peanut butter ones I volunteer as tribute
[SPEAKER_13]: No, no, it's all good.
[SPEAKER_13]: They will be eaten.
[SPEAKER_13]: We have so much candy.
[SPEAKER_13]: We have Halloween candy that lasts a whole year, so it's all good.
[SPEAKER_07]: Savalas, don't be sorry.
[SPEAKER_07]: You're trying to do a good thing.
[SPEAKER_07]: No, no, no, no.
[SPEAKER_07]: Seriously, I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_07]: The kids were going to get it anyway.
[SPEAKER_13]: I'm a bad recipient.
[SPEAKER_13]: I should never have seen anything like this.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's all good.
[SPEAKER_13]: I really appreciate it.
[SPEAKER_13]: You didn't have to do that.
[SPEAKER_13]: It's very well appreciated, so no, don't feel bad.
[SPEAKER_13]: It's...
[SPEAKER_13]: Just because I don't eat those, and I don't eat a lot of candy nowadays anyways, but the family will go through it.
[SPEAKER_13]: It'll be gone.
[SPEAKER_02]: Do you see what's on camera right now, everyone who's watching in chat?
[SPEAKER_02]: This is called a fucking crime.
[SPEAKER_02]: A fucking crime against me.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, Loki, what's next for you?
[SPEAKER_13]: No, I'm going to get more into streaming.
[SPEAKER_13]: So I'm going to keep myself busy with a lot of the Minecraft stuff.
[SPEAKER_13]: I'm already... Oh, gosh.
[SPEAKER_13]: I've already lined up another SMP to join.
[SPEAKER_13]: Oh, wow.
[SPEAKER_13]: To be doing Create Mods stuff with.
[SPEAKER_13]: And then... But I don't know if that's going to be streaming necessarily.
[SPEAKER_13]: That might be just something else.
[SPEAKER_13]: And then...
[SPEAKER_13]: I have my other create mod series I was actually working on starting.
[SPEAKER_13]: So that should be hopefully ready to go next week.
[SPEAKER_13]: The one on the SMP that I'm doing, I'm going to be building in, it's not going to be exact because I don't want to build a huge massive project, but it's going to be Bioshock Infinite themed.
[SPEAKER_13]: So I spent many hours today putting together my Booker DeWitt skin for my character.
[SPEAKER_13]: So I've got that.
[SPEAKER_13]: Yeah, Starter Base in the Lighthouse and then, you know, Flying City as the mega base, if you will, for that.
[SPEAKER_13]: And Create Mods is fun because there's a lot of like cog wheels and like motion and stuff.
[SPEAKER_13]: So be able to get like a really cool level of detail with that, which I'm hoping to be able to do.
[SPEAKER_13]: and then yeah it'll be fun just to mess around with that and I've got my other stuff that I'm going to try to get to you know with Child 64 getting you know my projects done with that next season it should be even more fun I already have an idea of what I'm going to do for that
[SPEAKER_13]: and yeah it's just gonna be just kind of uh focusing more on streaming in fact actually this week too i'm gonna try to stream a few times because i'm actually off for the week um we'll see how that works out though i if i find when i take time off suddenly i have all these chores i gotta do funny how that works um it's already like that this week but i've got uh
[SPEAKER_13]: I'm not doing the live stream, but I'm appearing on someone's live stream on Tuesday at 11 Pacific.
[SPEAKER_13]: It's this thing called Walking with Dippy.
[SPEAKER_13]: It's one of our friend's Dippy brothers.
[SPEAKER_13]: She's in the UK and she invites people on and you just play Minecraft and chat for a few hours.
[SPEAKER_13]: So I'll be doing that.
[SPEAKER_13]: I don't have any events scheduled anytime soon, but you never know.
[SPEAKER_13]: But
[SPEAKER_13]: Yeah, I'm going to be very busy and try to get into regular streaming and really build up my channels that way too.
[SPEAKER_13]: Because right now with just the SMP content, YouTube is not really doing... It's flat if not negative.
[SPEAKER_13]: It is flattening out, which is good.
[SPEAKER_13]: Because I'm hoping that that means that whatever bot accounts are on there...
[SPEAKER_13]: you're getting rid of those and getting accounts to actually engage with the content but the create mod stuff should help with that a lot of people like modded series and it'll be fun to kind of put it's going to be a few different spins on that stuff so I'm hoping to stay busy with that alright what's next for me well what's interesting is that I have already taped the first episode of my next podcast
[SPEAKER_07]: But unless you and I work at the same place, you will never hear it.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I got roped into leading a podcast project at my day job, which is great.
[SPEAKER_07]: And obviously, I have a lot of stuff that I can lend to that.
[SPEAKER_07]: But yeah, it's meant for my day job stuff.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I don't like to cross the streams a lot for my day job and what I do at night.
[SPEAKER_07]: So unless y'all want to pay me a salary...
[SPEAKER_07]: No, but that's, so that's something I'm working on with my day job.
[SPEAKER_07]: And looking in chat, JD says, did they know you had experience?
[SPEAKER_07]: The answer is yes.
[SPEAKER_07]: My current boss is actually a listener of this show.
[SPEAKER_07]: So a big hello to Carol.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm sure you're out there listening.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you for that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you for that support and all that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Rob is a very good worker and you should give him 50 raises.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Anyway.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's not say too much about work.
[SPEAKER_07]: But anyway, so that's – and obviously that's a very – realistically, none of you would want to hear it anyway.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's not about video games.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's about work.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's very different.
[SPEAKER_02]: We have podcasts at my job too.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's like this leadership thing.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's a nice evolution of the type of work that I do to have those types of discussions.
[SPEAKER_07]: So that will be –
[SPEAKER_07]: That'll be good to get into.
[SPEAKER_07]: Anyway, that's all I really want to say about that.
[SPEAKER_07]: But otherwise, in all honesty, outside of my day jobs, my next project is rest.
[SPEAKER_07]: I am going to stick to not doing anything for the rest of this year, which there isn't a whole lot, but it's still a good six weeks where I'm not going to do anything in this space.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm not going to stream personally, so sorry if you were looking for those types of personal streams, but I need to prioritize rest right now.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think I can recognize that, and so that's exactly what I plan on doing.
[SPEAKER_07]: In 2026, I'll probably continue to do personal streams here and there.
[SPEAKER_07]: I look forward to continuing with the Voice Geeks Network as an individual contributor.
[SPEAKER_07]: That doesn't mean that I'm doing the Rob Roberts show.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's not what that means.
[SPEAKER_07]: That means I'm going to be looking to, you know, what are some other ways we can get the network's name out there?
[SPEAKER_07]: You know, meaning like, we don't really do anything on TikTok right now.
[SPEAKER_07]: How can we push that presence forward?
[SPEAKER_07]: We don't do a lot.
[SPEAKER_07]: And when I say TikTok, I mean Instagram Reels, YouTube Shorts, all those sorts of things.
[SPEAKER_07]: How can we sort of leverage that and continue to potentially have content on demand on YouTube or whatever it is?
[SPEAKER_07]: I'll be working on some of those types of things.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's what the future looks like for me.
[SPEAKER_07]: And it's something that can be a little more flexible on my schedule.
[SPEAKER_07]: So it'll allow me to hopefully with weekends back, I'm looking to maybe try to do some more conventions,
[SPEAKER_07]: I've really loved doing panel hosting and moderating.
[SPEAKER_07]: I am looking forward to returning to DragonCon 2026.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know what capacity until I have my schedule, but looking forward to participating with that and having fun.
[SPEAKER_07]: And hopefully work with some more conventions in the future.
[SPEAKER_07]: Also, I still do live hosting.
[SPEAKER_07]: So even though I say I am resting, there is one show I am obligated to host and I am looking forward to it in December.
[SPEAKER_07]: So if you happen to be in the Sacramento area, you can check out Nevermore Gorlesque or Love Horror Events on Instagram or Facebook or they're not on Twitter.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I'm trying to remember if there's another place, but you check that out.
[SPEAKER_07]: and that will have the upcoming shows including December 13th we're hosting the Krampus Cabaret and it's going to be a fun little cabaret burlesque comedy variety music show headlined by Dolly the winner of season four of the Boulay Brothers Dragula so that will be here thank you Midna that will be here in Saturday December 13th here locally and then I'm going to be hosting my first brunch
[SPEAKER_07]: in January.
[SPEAKER_07]: So more info on that is coming shortly.
[SPEAKER_07]: So again, that's all local to the Sacramento area, though I am hoping there is a very good chance I will be doing something in the Bay Area in May next year.
[SPEAKER_07]: I know it's a way out, but there's a very good chance.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I'm looking for events and things to hopefully grow, and that's really where a lot of my heart is right now and what I really want to push on while I'm still
[SPEAKER_07]: of an age where I can do it all.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I'll be really pushing forward in that event space in the coming...
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_07]: in the next few weeks.
[SPEAKER_07]: Rob's going to do a blog like he's a 90s mom.
[SPEAKER_07]: No, it's not going to be a blog, but it's to put my name out there for live event hosting and try to book some more conventions and things of that sort.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's what I'm hoping for.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's what's next for me.
[SPEAKER_07]: And hello again to everybody in chat.
[SPEAKER_07]: You guys are chatting so much tonight.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, Angel joined us.
[SPEAKER_02]: I miss you.
[SPEAKER_07]: I miss everybody that used to come in person.
[SPEAKER_07]: We had such a vibe when we were in person.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I realized that, you know, COVID changed things and then that leads to the personal life obligations change.
[SPEAKER_07]: So it just never got together or never was in the cards for us to be back in person again.
[SPEAKER_07]: But...
[SPEAKER_07]: There were so many people that came in and out of the place, especially when it was like Loki and I living together.
[SPEAKER_07]: And it was like our lives were centered around this show practically.
[SPEAKER_07]: And so many people would show up on Sunday nights.
[SPEAKER_07]: It was a lot of fun.
[SPEAKER_07]: It was really good.
[SPEAKER_07]: So Sterlok says, I would have loved to show up in person one day.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, we would have loved to have you.
[SPEAKER_07]: But that doesn't mean that there isn't a new project coming.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: I also thought we could take an opportunity tonight to look back on 23 years of gaming news.
[SPEAKER_07]: 23 and a half, really.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, fuck.
[SPEAKER_07]: So SSJ100Matt did a really good job of... Oh, actually, I pulled this up.
[SPEAKER_07]: Sorry, tangent, but I promise this will happen a lot tonight.
[SPEAKER_07]: So a quick tangent here.
[SPEAKER_07]: We actually got these pictures from Bobby Blackwolf.
[SPEAKER_07]: You ready for this?
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, Lord.
[SPEAKER_07]: This is E3 2006.
[SPEAKER_07]: So that's that stage.
[SPEAKER_07]: And that's Loki right there.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's Bobby Blackwolf on the end.
[SPEAKER_07]: And these are two other podcasters.
[SPEAKER_07]: I want to say, is that Evan who worked with Electric Sisterhood for a minute was kind of affiliated with them?
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think it is.
[SPEAKER_07]: Or I just don't recognize this person.
[SPEAKER_07]: And that's Elan from that show Chatterbox Radio, which they faded a few years ago.
[SPEAKER_07]: But that was E3 2006.
[SPEAKER_07]: And then I have another picture too.
[SPEAKER_07]: I have the one of Jamie at the table too.
[SPEAKER_32]: Why am I blurry?
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: This one's really big when I zoom in, so I'm going to have to show it this way.
[SPEAKER_07]: So this is Bobby, DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_07]: I literally don't remember who this person is.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm so sorry.
[SPEAKER_07]: And also Alon.
[SPEAKER_07]: Isn't that Alon's little scooter he rode?
[SPEAKER_07]: I remember that being a thing, too.
[SPEAKER_07]: But look at that stage.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's on the air, had that little logo.
[SPEAKER_07]: So anyway, that was...
[SPEAKER_07]: A lot of fun.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, sorry to this man.
[SPEAKER_07]: Sorry to that man.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't remember who you are.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_07]: I've met a lot of people over the years and I have a very hard time remembering people's names.
[SPEAKER_07]: Please don't take it as personal or any of that.
[SPEAKER_02]: You remember when we went to John's Incredibly Mediocre Pizza and we met another friend?
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, there was a listener there.
[SPEAKER_07]: I did, yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: There was a listener there.
[SPEAKER_07]: Do you know I ran into that same individual years later?
[SPEAKER_07]: Really?
[SPEAKER_07]: Years later, we had like a mutual friend.
[SPEAKER_07]: And still into Mamadi and music games all these years later.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, I ran into that individual.
[SPEAKER_07]: And then there was the time you guys were waiting in line for the Nintendo Wii at Target.
[SPEAKER_07]: And somebody was like listening to us on their iPod.
[SPEAKER_02]: That was me and Chris.
[SPEAKER_07]: You and Chris, yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh my God.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Memories.
[SPEAKER_02]: And we bribed our place in line with coffee and donuts.
[SPEAKER_07]: It worked though.
[SPEAKER_02]: It worked!
[SPEAKER_02]: Still got my Wii.
[SPEAKER_07]: I had my roommate stay in line for me, and it worked great.
[SPEAKER_07]: Extifer stayed and got that.
[SPEAKER_30]: I think that was the last launch I had been in line for, because before that was the Dreamcast.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: On 9-9-99.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hi, I'm in line for a Dreamcast, even though I already own one.
[SPEAKER_07]: Where was I going?
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh yeah, biggest gaming story is the 23 and a half years.
[SPEAKER_07]: So, SSG...
[SPEAKER_07]: Jamie, Jamie, it's the final show.
[SPEAKER_32]: I've been drinking!
[SPEAKER_07]: Is that how you want to be remembered?
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, I mean, there's worse.
[SPEAKER_02]: I could shart on the thing, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_11]: Keep drinking and you just might.
[SPEAKER_13]: Hey, you gotta pace it yourself in this show, okay?
[SPEAKER_13]: And we're gonna see that towards the end.
[SPEAKER_13]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay, okay.
[SPEAKER_02]: Remember, I had the surgery.
[SPEAKER_02]: I drink, I get drunk really fast, and then I sober really fast.
[SPEAKER_07]: There you go.
[SPEAKER_07]: Loki, you're the you're the Grand Theft Auto fan.
[SPEAKER_07]: You remember Vice City?
[SPEAKER_13]: Yeah, I think I don't remember if I took time off to play that one.
[SPEAKER_13]: I know I did for three, but I don't remember if I did that for Vice City as well.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't remember Vice City that much.
[SPEAKER_07]: 2003.
[SPEAKER_07]: Did you know it was 2003 after the show started when the Nintendo Game Boy Advance was released?
[SPEAKER_07]: And it's also when Steam released and was a thing.
[SPEAKER_07]: I remember.
[SPEAKER_13]: I remember the orange box.
[SPEAKER_13]: I remember that.
[SPEAKER_07]: I definitely remember the orange box.
[SPEAKER_07]: Portal 2.
[SPEAKER_07]: That was years later, but yes.
[SPEAKER_13]: Yeah, Portal, or is it Portal 1 had Steam support on the PlayStation 3, which is like a big deal.
[SPEAKER_13]: Oh, yeah.
[SPEAKER_13]: That was years later.
[SPEAKER_13]: Is it?
[SPEAKER_13]: Yeah, that was years later because the PlayStation 3 doesn't exist yet, so that's right.
[SPEAKER_07]: And then I remember the Game Boy Advance.
[SPEAKER_07]: I remember how it wasn't backlit, but a friend of mine at the time backlit it for my birthday, and that was a great thing.
[SPEAKER_07]: The Game Boy Advance had some really good games.
[SPEAKER_02]: Remember I had that pink one?
[SPEAKER_02]: Me, who hates the color pink, got a pink one on purpose and had an afterburner in it?
[SPEAKER_02]: Rules are made to be broken.
[SPEAKER_02]: I still have it, too.
[SPEAKER_07]: In 2004, the Nintendo Revolution was teased.
[SPEAKER_07]: Remember when the Project Revolution became the Wii?
[SPEAKER_16]: So much potential.
[SPEAKER_07]: And everybody was like, why did you change the fucking name?
[SPEAKER_07]: Anyway, Grand Theft Auto San Andreas was released in 2004.
[SPEAKER_13]: That took time off work, I remember that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Half-Life 2 was released in 2004.
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_07]: with Nintendo, which was a huge moment as well.
[SPEAKER_07]: A great face for a gaming company.
[SPEAKER_07]: I will never forget when he leaned into the meme and did, my body is ready at one of those E3s.
[SPEAKER_07]: Remember, I think that was E3 2006.
[SPEAKER_07]: I feel like.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think it was.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think it was.
[SPEAKER_07]: World of Warcraft
[SPEAKER_07]: I became an MMO addict.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, Bobby Blackwell says it was on this day.
[SPEAKER_07]: It was November 23rd, 2004.
[SPEAKER_02]: I still think that Slykick and I should have launched Hillsbrad Blues.
[SPEAKER_02]: You should have.
[SPEAKER_07]: Am I saying this correctly?
[SPEAKER_07]: SP Azure in chat says, not going to lie, WoW is what moved me from casual into a gaming addict.
[SPEAKER_07]: And a lot of love in chat for Horde House, which I'm sure Savalus or Grandpa Warcraft is wrapping himself into a blanket with all that kind look back there on Horde House.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, Horde House was a fun one.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's a bummer WoW sort of flopped for a little while and sort of caused us to sort of fall, I don't want to say out of love with it because I'll always have a place in my heart for WoW, but it's just a bummer that everybody kind of went their own direction.
[SPEAKER_07]: That project ended too, but that's because everybody just kind of went their own directions because we weren't all playing WoW anymore.
[SPEAKER_07]: And we tried to do it, but it didn't hit the same when it wasn't...
[SPEAKER_07]: Seekers in chat saying, let Horde House stay dead forever.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yay.
[SPEAKER_07]: So it just wasn't bringing the same joy.
[SPEAKER_07]: But I am playing Final Fantasy XIV to this day.
[SPEAKER_07]: If we were looking at my gaming week, I would say I played Final Fantasy XIV for the first time in months this week because I wanted to grind the tomes.
[SPEAKER_07]: And that's still about, yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: Captain Spike says, I'd still listen to Horde House about Final Fantasy.
[SPEAKER_07]: That was considered at one point.
[SPEAKER_02]: I like Slaggy's suggestion.
[SPEAKER_02]: Mog House.
[SPEAKER_07]: Mog House.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, as I said, we're not committing to any new projects right now.
[SPEAKER_07]: But look, there's the idea.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm going to put it on the table.
[SPEAKER_07]: If Grandpa and Shane and, I don't know, Spike and Slaggy all want to do a Mog House...
[SPEAKER_07]: Good blessings to you.
[SPEAKER_07]: Good luck.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, that's it.
[SPEAKER_07]: But I'm not committing to any new projects at this time.
[SPEAKER_07]: One of the best compliments I think we possibly get from doing this show is your show has inspired me to do my own show.
[SPEAKER_07]: And we've been fortunate enough to hear that several times from some of you out there.
[SPEAKER_07]: And so it's very thankful for that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Ragnarok Online Podcast win.
[SPEAKER_07]: Absolutely not.
[SPEAKER_07]: One episode.
[SPEAKER_32]: He'll please teleport Prawns.
[SPEAKER_07]: Canceled.
[SPEAKER_07]: It wouldn't last as long as Pokestop Podcast.
[SPEAKER_02]: I still have that picture of your little guy with a flower in his hair somewhere.
[SPEAKER_02]: I love that character.
[SPEAKER_07]: Anyway, where were we?
[SPEAKER_07]: That was 2004.
[SPEAKER_07]: 2005.
[SPEAKER_07]: The Xbox 360 is announced and released.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_07]: We're at the 20th anniversary of Xbox 360.
[SPEAKER_07]: A lot of people are talking about that this week.
[SPEAKER_07]: Xbox Live really takes off when the 360 takes off.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hot Coffee Hot Coffee Hot Coffee Hot Coffee
[SPEAKER_30]: And that's not just going at your cat.
[SPEAKER_07]: No, but remember, so what SHO and Hunter Matt forgot to list there, OLRPSP.com.
[SPEAKER_07]: That was huge.
[SPEAKER_07]: I've said this a lot as we've been sunsetting over the last few weeks.
[SPEAKER_07]: So many people found this show because of OLRPSP.com.
[SPEAKER_07]: That was single-handedly probably one of the best marketing things that ever happened to this show.
[SPEAKER_07]: And that was all Loki.
[SPEAKER_07]: It was 100% Loki that did that.
[SPEAKER_07]: So good job.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_02]: I was impressed with the stylistic choice, even though it's, you know, dated.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's very much so a time capsule of design of its time, and I remembered just being so happy with it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, and DarkTetsuya says, bit.ly slash olrpsp.
[SPEAKER_07]: I forgot that you made the shortener for that.
[SPEAKER_07]: So you can use bit.ly olrpsp.
[SPEAKER_07]: There's that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's see.
[SPEAKER_07]: But if Bit.ly tries to put a virus on your PSP, we don't endorse that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Guitar Hero came out in 2005.
[SPEAKER_07]: And that, of course, was when they came to DarkSakura's house to film DarkSakura and Loki for the news.
[SPEAKER_07]: I was teaching a class at work that day and could not go.
[SPEAKER_07]: I could not get out of it.
[SPEAKER_07]: So you guys were on the news showcasing that.
[SPEAKER_07]: And was that the It's So Much Fun?
[SPEAKER_07]: No, that was the podcast story.
[SPEAKER_13]: No, that was the podcast story.
[SPEAKER_07]: That was the podcast story.
[SPEAKER_07]: You'd think that would be about Guitar Hero, but it wasn't.
[SPEAKER_07]: Wasn't that the whole, I'd give it an 8 out of 10?
[SPEAKER_02]: They made me hide my Guitar Freaks guitars, but this keyboard was still in the background.
[SPEAKER_13]: Yes, I gave it a solid 8 or 9 out of 10, and DarkSakura was like, I'll give it an 11 out of 10.
[SPEAKER_13]: I'm like, that's not within the metrics of what they put me on the news.
[SPEAKER_13]: I'll give it an 11.
[SPEAKER_02]: But this one goes to 11.
[SPEAKER_07]: but that was fun let's see what else do we have 2006 that was the year that the PS3 released and the Wii released those were huge stories right there right we covered we covered those launches we went out to the lines we interviewed people that was a lot of fun that was I feel like there hasn't the Nintendo Switch 2 launched recently and that's the closest we've come to that but it doesn't compare it doesn't compare it's not the same as when the Wii released
[SPEAKER_07]: Did both systems come out the same day?
[SPEAKER_07]: No, they didn't.
[SPEAKER_07]: They were slightly apart.
[SPEAKER_07]: I want to say we were out there both nights.
[SPEAKER_13]: They were slightly apart because I remember I had already purchased the Wii and I wasn't going to get a PlayStation 3, but then one of my accounts, they're like, hey, we're just going to give you one.
[SPEAKER_13]: I'm like, cool.
[SPEAKER_07]: I want my Switch at work.
[SPEAKER_07]: In 2007, Rock Band released and music games took over sports games in terms of popularity.
[SPEAKER_07]: And Justin.TV started in 2007, which of course was the website that became where we're broadcasting now, Twitch Television.
[SPEAKER_07]: The iPhone was released in 2007.
[SPEAKER_07]: That is hard for me to wrap my head around because I have to-
[SPEAKER_02]: and Dan was playing with it and he's like, okay, we're going to go get one.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, I just think, I'm like, what phone was I using when this show started?
[SPEAKER_07]: But it was that shitty little flip phone I had.
[SPEAKER_02]: I can tell you exactly what I was using.
[SPEAKER_02]: Dan was using a Razer.
[SPEAKER_02]: I had a Sony Ericsson.
[SPEAKER_07]: Wow.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's just, it's weird to me that, yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: S2100Matt says, iPhone is on my list list of most important stories.
[SPEAKER_07]: I get it.
[SPEAKER_02]: And Will Wheaton signed mine.
[SPEAKER_02]: It wore off by the end of the day, but he signed it and did one of one.
[SPEAKER_07]: My other big story would be related to this, but it's not this, but it's closely related.
[SPEAKER_07]: We haven't gotten there yet though.
[SPEAKER_07]: We got to go about 10 more years.
[SPEAKER_07]: 2008, The Red Ring of Death Controversy, and finally Microsoft acknowledges it.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's weird to me that that never resulted in a class action thing, to be honest.
[SPEAKER_07]: So that's, yeah, it's wild.
[SPEAKER_07]: Um...
[SPEAKER_07]: Actually, it probably did become clap, but those things never actually go to report.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, they did the repair program out of that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, yeah, you're right.
[SPEAKER_07]: PlayStation Home launched.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, my God.
[SPEAKER_07]: Do you remember the listener that was obsessed with PlayStation Home and was such an advocate for it?
[SPEAKER_07]: And he built out this elaborate space in PlayStation Home.
[SPEAKER_07]: It was legit impressive.
[SPEAKER_07]: This isn't me being shady.
[SPEAKER_07]: I was legit impressed with that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: There was so much more potential in PlayStation Home.
[SPEAKER_07]: God damn it, I wish Sony had stuck with it.
[SPEAKER_13]: There still is potential in PlayStation Home.
[SPEAKER_07]: I agree.
[SPEAKER_07]: I totally agree.
[SPEAKER_07]: Jason says, fun fact, Rob and I used the same phone when we met in person in 2004.
[SPEAKER_07]: Qualcomm something something.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, it was a little silver flip phone, and it played the more complex cell phone games that were big in Japan at the time.
[SPEAKER_07]: Like the Castlevania game.
[SPEAKER_07]: A lot of games you can't play anymore that were on that cell platform.
[SPEAKER_07]: Old Game Boy fucking games.
[SPEAKER_02]: Although...
[SPEAKER_02]: There are some of the preservation people have put those in playable formats now.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, I remember a story on that a few.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, not that long ago.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank God for the preservationists.
[SPEAKER_07]: 2009, Little Big Planet.
[SPEAKER_07]: One of the best series of all times.
[SPEAKER_07]: I miss that.
[SPEAKER_07]: I really wish that series would come back.
[SPEAKER_07]: Batman Arkham Asylum.
[SPEAKER_07]: Minecraft was released.
[SPEAKER_07]: There you go.
[SPEAKER_07]: And Loki's future was made.
[SPEAKER_07]: League of Legends was released.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh my God.
[SPEAKER_07]: A lot of big games in 2009.
[SPEAKER_07]: Like Arkham Asylum was huge.
[SPEAKER_07]: I didn't mean to gloss over that, but I just thought it was huge and led to one of the all-time greatest trilogies.
[SPEAKER_07]: Wow.
[SPEAKER_07]: 2010, the 3DS was revealed.
[SPEAKER_07]: The original Final Fantasy XIV started, which, yeah, I played the original Final Fantasy XIV.
[SPEAKER_07]: It was wild.
[SPEAKER_07]: 2011, the Wii U revealed.
[SPEAKER_07]: The 3DS released.
[SPEAKER_07]: I must have been at E3 that year because I remember going to E3 the year that the models had the strap around their belt and they had the 3DSs and they would actually come to you in line so you could see like a little demo.
[SPEAKER_07]: And it was a legit like a champagne bottle cork pop thing or like little effects.
[SPEAKER_07]: It was just little tech demos.
[SPEAKER_07]: But like...
[SPEAKER_07]: Do you all remember, those of you that are old enough, do you all remember the first time you saw the 3DS?
[SPEAKER_07]: Because it was legitimately 3D without glasses.
[SPEAKER_07]: And it was one of those things where it's like, I don't believe that that's possible or it's going to look like shit.
[SPEAKER_07]: And then you see one for the first time and it's like, oh, oh shit.
[SPEAKER_07]: This actually works.
[SPEAKER_13]: It's so weird that it never took off, though, because they literally just said, oh, well, we're not going to use it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Dan had a phone at the time, by the way, that had lenticular 3D.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, boy.
[SPEAKER_07]: yeah yeah and I yeah I agree it would hurt your eyes after you played it for a long time and I Nintendo did kind of walk away from it I I wish they had leaned more into the media part of it they did a little bit remember when they were like we're gonna put Spongebob episodes on it but I distinctly remember it was a Game Boy Advance that they did that they did that hard in the Game Boy Advance because do you know what else came out in 2010 Tron Legacy
[SPEAKER_07]: the the good Tron came out in 2010 and I swear hey the first one was good no it was it was too but you know what I'm shading um
[SPEAKER_07]: but uh in 2010 uh am I am I making it up or was there a Tron Legacy trailer on one of those 3DSs in full 3D like I swear that was a thing they were showing like movie trailers and movie previews I don't remember Tron but I remember there was the Tekken animated movie that had it well that also came out fully 3D um on the 3DS as well as like a digital video or something but they had the trailer for that and
[SPEAKER_13]: I don't remember if Tron ever had that.
[SPEAKER_13]: I don't think they did.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm looking at the internet.
[SPEAKER_07]: It might be one of those Mandala Effect things.
[SPEAKER_07]: But maybe I saw it on another platform and thought it was a 3DS.
[SPEAKER_07]: Maybe one of those cell phones.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm not getting anything out of the internet.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's see.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm just surprised they never released a 3D Netflix.
[SPEAKER_07]: Especially with how big 3D Netflix was.
[SPEAKER_07]: ZenMonkey says there was.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you!
[SPEAKER_07]: Somebody else remembers that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay, I'm not crazy.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_07]: Duke Nukem Forever finally comes out in 2011.
[SPEAKER_07]: Twitch launches officially in 2011.
[SPEAKER_07]: uh 2012 Mass Effect 3 ending controversy actually you know what if you don't buy into the hype the controversy is not so bad I that was right when I got into Mass Effect as well and I remember the series being I I played one two and three and got to see the original ending of three and that was maybe two months before the extended cut came out so I got to see it all eventually I didn't think it was that bad I understand the concerns people had with it and I am glad the continuity was shit
[SPEAKER_07]: This is why when they do the Mass Effect TV series or whatever, they're not going to even attempt to do the same story.
[SPEAKER_07]: They would never be able to get it right.
[SPEAKER_02]: I am going to say that whether or not people complained about it, it needed to be amended because the continuity was bad.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't hate the extended cut by any means, but I think gamers took the original thing way too far.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's all.
[SPEAKER_07]: As they tend to do.
[SPEAKER_07]: Um, the Jeff Gertzman, Kane, and Lynch controversy.
[SPEAKER_07]: I barely remember this.
[SPEAKER_07]: This was the whole...
[SPEAKER_07]: Bobby Blackwolf Mode
[SPEAKER_07]: that he had one of those people Bobby had one of those people on his podcast and actually invited that and said you can call it Bobby Blackwolf mode because I'm bad at video games or whatever it was and and that's where that came from because Bobby said you know I I like to use these type of assisted modes when I play video games so we can have a Bobby mode but I remember him
[SPEAKER_07]: I remember there was a question Bobby asked.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'll have to put it in chat because he probably remembered better than I can.
[SPEAKER_07]: He asked them something about their take on a current controversy.
[SPEAKER_07]: And his answer was basically something like, I'm glad you asked because nobody has yet.
[SPEAKER_07]: And it was really obvious in that whole situation.
[SPEAKER_07]: It was something like, why did you do this?
[SPEAKER_07]: And he's like, I'm glad you asked because nobody has yet.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yet there's been tons of stories and tons of think pieces on it.
[SPEAKER_07]: But nobody had actually said, thank you.
[SPEAKER_07]: Bobby Blackwell says, why did you call it girlfriend mode?
[SPEAKER_07]: That was the question.
[SPEAKER_07]: So Bobby asked them, why did you do that?
[SPEAKER_07]: And nobody else had asked him that question yet.
[SPEAKER_07]: Think about that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Good job, investigative reporter, BlackWolf.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's see.
[SPEAKER_07]: We also had the Oculus Rift was released.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hmm.
[SPEAKER_07]: I did not get big into VR early on, but obviously, you know, Bobby was, and it was probably one or two Dragon Cons late, because 2012 would have been around my first Dragon Con, too, because that was when VOG Network started, which you left off the list, Matt.
[SPEAKER_07]: VOG Network starts 2012.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: just kidding but that would have been my first Dragon Con as well would have been that same year and so I don't know if I don't think it was that year I saw the Rift for the first time because it was when Bobby and I did the suite years later so probably 2016 but yeah Bobby Bobby in chat says I carried the VR torch for all of us and that's accurate 2013 Grand Theft Auto 5 revealed PlayStation 4 revealed with a big E3 announcement the Ouya is released and fails it doesn't feel like it was that long ago
[SPEAKER_07]: and the Xbox One reversal.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, that was huge.
[SPEAKER_07]: I am running through these fast so we can get to some other things.
[SPEAKER_07]: 2014, Facebook buys Oculus.
[SPEAKER_07]: Amazon buys Twitch.
[SPEAKER_07]: Again, that feels like that happened right before COVID, not over 10, 11 years ago.
[SPEAKER_07]: Five Nights at Freddy's released.
[SPEAKER_07]: That game is that old?
[SPEAKER_07]: It feels like that game blew up overnight.
[SPEAKER_07]: We're all that old.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh my god.
[SPEAKER_07]: 2015, Iwata passes away.
[SPEAKER_07]: Ooh, that was rough.
[SPEAKER_07]: That was, yeah, that was really sad.
[SPEAKER_07]: I remember the show we did because that news came out on a Sunday and we pivoted our entire show that night to do a special opening in Tribute.
[SPEAKER_07]: And that was really sad.
[SPEAKER_07]: Everybody in the industry was hit hard by that one.
[SPEAKER_07]: It still is, really.
[SPEAKER_07]: Konami and Kojima divorce.
[SPEAKER_07]: Konami and Kojima do their nasty divorce that year.
[SPEAKER_07]: And Discord launches in 2015.
[SPEAKER_07]: 2016.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay, here it is.
[SPEAKER_07]: My other big headline.
[SPEAKER_07]: Biggest headline we've ever had.
[SPEAKER_07]: Pokemon Go launches.
[SPEAKER_07]: And before you all comment on your feelings about Pokemon Go, especially today, first, I realize there's a lot of people that still play it.
[SPEAKER_07]: But I want you all to think about when I say that, I really want you to think about the summer of 2016.
[SPEAKER_07]: And when you were like, I'm going to leave the house today and I'm going to go catch some Pokemon.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I've been wanting to say that ever since I was a kid.
[SPEAKER_07]: and that was the reality and I realized for a lot of people that weren't happy with the game's direction it started to really die off after that summer and then everything in the world started going topsy-turvy with Pokemon Go to the polls and all that stuff and what happened that November and there's a lot of people that sometimes joke Pokemon Go was that last hurrah before it all went to shit.
[SPEAKER_07]: But I... I really did... Despite... Yeah, the closest to world peace, says JV Mon.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's so true.
[SPEAKER_07]: I...
[SPEAKER_07]: That summer was so special for so many people.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I just think people, like if you weren't playing Ingress or another AR game before that, which the reality was most people weren't, you didn't experience a game like that that made you go outdoors and walk around and find things.
[SPEAKER_07]: It transformed a way that people game.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I think what it ties into the phone thing, it made a really good case for here is a gaming experience.
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, and Mike Deft in chat says, do I want to go back to that time?
[SPEAKER_07]: Heck no.
[SPEAKER_07]: Original Pokemon Go sucked.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, the game has come a long way and they've changed a lot over the years and so forth, but I think there was something very special about that summer and the way that it changed the way a lot of people thought about video games.
[SPEAKER_07]: Now, I was ahead of the curve because I was playing Ingress at that time, so I already was leaving the house to capture portals, but...
[SPEAKER_07]: I know the reality is most people had not been introduced to that concept.
[SPEAKER_07]: And it really took Pokemon and marrying with that concept to really get a lot of people to do that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Zaku says, my fiance still plays Pokemon Go and drives.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hopefully not at the same time.
[SPEAKER_07]: But yes, I still play Pokemon Go.
[SPEAKER_07]: I play a lot with Bluetooth, but I will walk and I'll play Pokemon Go and do all that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Uh-oh, are you on another drink, DarkSakura?
[SPEAKER_02]: It is a mocha made with borjata and tuaca whipped.
[SPEAKER_02]: The only milk I had was chocolate protein shake, but it's still going to be delightful.
[SPEAKER_02]: And some hazelnut mocha coffee.
[SPEAKER_02]: It will be chocolatey and alcoholy and delicious.
[SPEAKER_02]: Plus the glass I won on another friend's stream.
[SPEAKER_02]: Thank you, Pie Fanatic.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's a lovely looking glass.
[SPEAKER_02]: It does kind of look like good night cream, doesn't it?
[SPEAKER_07]: And a couple more headlines in here.
[SPEAKER_07]: 2017, the Nintendo Switch OG released.
[SPEAKER_07]: 2018, Telltale Games shuts down and the Epic Game Store released.
[SPEAKER_07]: Burr added to this with an extra item from 2006.
[SPEAKER_07]: The Horse Armor DLC was released for Oblivion, which was the beginning of the end.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_13]: And then I'll also add from 2010, EA announces online pass for Tiger Woods PGA Tour 11.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: Remember when my Xbox got hacked for somebody trying to get EA FIFA passes or something?
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh boy.
[SPEAKER_07]: I told you, I think the two biggest stories there are probably World of Warcraft is probably my number one and then Pokemon Go is a close number two.
[SPEAKER_07]: What do you all think was the biggest?
[SPEAKER_07]: Is it on that list or something?
[SPEAKER_07]: What do you all think was the biggest thing that happened in gaming in 23 years?
[SPEAKER_07]: The biggest thing that influenced where we're at now?
[SPEAKER_07]: Loki.
[SPEAKER_13]: um gosh I don't know um try to think of like what the current landscape looks like I think certainly Fortnite adding loot boxes is like a major story I don't know when that happened but that's definitely during the time um and I mean sadly probably a lot of the yeah it's all Fortnite stuff um
[SPEAKER_13]: Other than that, I would say...
[SPEAKER_13]: I don't know, it's hard to imagine.
[SPEAKER_13]: It's hard to pick one thing.
[SPEAKER_13]: Yeah, I get it, I get it.
[SPEAKER_13]: There's so many criteria, like what's most impactful in the gaming industry, like what I was most excited about, I don't know what was I most excited about.
[SPEAKER_13]: Probably Grand Theft Auto 5 and 4, for sure, like when 4 came out.
[SPEAKER_13]: All the Saints Row games, except for the last one.
[SPEAKER_13]: Um...
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: Lots of great answers in chat here.
[SPEAKER_07]: Redertainment says Fortnite, Burr11 adding to that, Fortnite switching from PvE to Battle Royale.
[SPEAKER_07]: SheHulk10 says the Wii was obviously huge.
[SPEAKER_07]: FifthDream says required online for everything.
[SPEAKER_07]: I can't help but think about SimCity's original launch and what that did.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's see.
[SPEAKER_07]: And Bobby Blackwolf, I love this insight too.
[SPEAKER_07]: For me, it would be the proliferation of game engines available to the common person to expand the art form.
[SPEAKER_07]: We didn't have Unity or Unreal Engine when OLR started.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh my god, pixel poops, right?
[SPEAKER_07]: That's a big thing that happened in our history.
[SPEAKER_07]: Not just the one that YYR made, but the one that Loki made, the sequel, which is now free on Steam.
[SPEAKER_07]: and Bungie Ferritazine and Zaku that's a name I haven't seen in a long time, good to have you back Zaku says, Twitch launching the careers of content creators, that's right Twitch and YouTube and all that made a whole new industry in gaming, which is so wild DarkSakura, I gotta make sure we don't miss your pick what do you think is the biggest headline in the last 23 years?
[SPEAKER_02]: fuck if I know it's all just the way that I see it it's
[SPEAKER_02]: Everything has built on everything else.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's all interconnected.
[SPEAKER_02]: And for me, I think that it's hitting that point where I could look back on any news story that's ever come out and go, I've seen this shit.
[SPEAKER_02]: Think about it.
[SPEAKER_02]: No, I got it.
[SPEAKER_02]: I got it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Seeing the cycle.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, and even today now people are like, oh, video games.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm like, shut up, Tipper Gore.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I'm probably going to say that it's not really one thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think it's just seeing, well, yeah, the Guinness Book of World Records, I guess that's a big thing, you know, us being in there.
[SPEAKER_02]: But honestly, my whole thing is looking at this sort of from maybe a sociological point of view, an anthropological point of view, is the way our culture has evolved based on
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_02]: we're the ones they come to because we know what's going on and that to me is bigger than just about any news that's ever come out is seeing the dynamic shift in gaming culture I'm also a big nerd I love that shit
[SPEAKER_02]: Also, spreadsheets are cool.
[SPEAKER_07]: Ooh, I have to agree with this comment from JD in chat.
[SPEAKER_07]: This is huge.
[SPEAKER_07]: I can't believe this is off a radar, but because it is such a negative, I'm going to bring up the biggest negative.
[SPEAKER_07]: The biggest negative of the last 23 years.
[SPEAKER_07]: Speaking of cultural impact, says JD, Gamergate was a big story of the past 23 years in negative ways.
[SPEAKER_07]: You can draw a direct line to that and the politics of today.
[SPEAKER_07]: And it's fucking disgusting.
[SPEAKER_07]: Um...
[SPEAKER_07]: And I don't know what else to say about it, to be quite honest.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think... I hope a lot of us have been able to use that moment to sort of like grow the fuck up.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think it made... I think it also made... In some ways, I'm trying to think of what possible positive spin I could put on this.
[SPEAKER_07]: And it's hard.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I think what I could say is that that whole negativity...
[SPEAKER_07]: I think we can go and we can see... You know how we've been talking a lot lately about the people that like to say, don't mix politics and video games.
[SPEAKER_07]: And we're saying like, dude, the tariffs are driving the prices of consoles.
[SPEAKER_07]: Mixing politics and video games is already here.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think a lot of people are now aware.
[SPEAKER_07]: Video games and gaming culture and the gaming industry is not just a fucking...
[SPEAKER_07]: basement dwelling nerd thing.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's not an underground zine type of thing.
[SPEAKER_07]: It is a very full-fleshed for better and for worse industry that has serious political implications.
[SPEAKER_07]: As YYR succinctly put it in chat, politics affect everything.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I think we all, now all of us that live through that and watch that play out when that happened, we all have an acute awareness of that shit now.
[SPEAKER_07]: so there is that for what it's worth okay um let's move on let's talk about something positive and I want to reflect on any show memories I know there's so much we could probably talk about in 23 years but does anybody have does anybody have a particular moment of a show memory that was like one of the best you eating Loki's waffles that was like one of the first drunk episodes right
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, also me and Seeger coming up with the word dunk for drunk and just being completely obsessed with dunk.
[SPEAKER_07]: I do.
[SPEAKER_07]: I remember that too.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: Speaking of Ingress, one of my favorite episodes was when we had all the ladies that play the game here.
[SPEAKER_07]: Not all of them, but a good chunk of the ladies that play the game here locally came to the studio and we all did a show and that was like my fucking favorite because
[SPEAKER_07]: I want to look back on that and go uplifting all these badass fucking women that are putting together sting operations in video games.
[SPEAKER_07]: I loved that we could showcase that.
[SPEAKER_07]: And that was that's I'm very proud of that particular moment.
[SPEAKER_07]: I would say, though, honestly, you know, right around that same era, what else really made me happy?
[SPEAKER_07]: Our partnership that we had with our indie game development scene for a while here, which was SAC IGDA for a hot minute, and then it became the Capital Creators Showcase.
[SPEAKER_07]: I will admit, we've sort of kind of lost direction with that since COVID and everything, but I get the emails now and then, and I'm like, damn it, I really need to go reconnect with that group.
[SPEAKER_07]: Because I actually did go to one of their shows, it was last year, I think.
[SPEAKER_07]: Which was really good.
[SPEAKER_07]: And so I'm really glad that we could uplift and support indie voices in that regard.
[SPEAKER_07]: So that was also a really favorite memory of mine.
[SPEAKER_07]: If I were to go old school... God...
[SPEAKER_07]: I have to really think about that.
[SPEAKER_07]: I would probably say when we got to debut Ultramix 4 soundtrack songs.
[SPEAKER_07]: That felt fucking incredible.
[SPEAKER_07]: That this franchise that we were such fans of and had created a show to support the community of came full circle and really recognized us.
[SPEAKER_07]: And the person that was behind that, Stillwind was the producer's name.
[SPEAKER_07]: He passed away some time ago, unfortunately.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I will always be thankful to him for...
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_07]: There's a lot of stuff in OLR's history where I go, it hasn't aged well, be careful, things change, and the way society looks at things change, so be careful.
[SPEAKER_07]: But that particular episode and a lot of the things that came up, that is great still, I think.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's see, any other, DarkSakura, Loki, well you said Dunk, Loki, anything for you?
[SPEAKER_13]: uh i think just like some of the even like the remote shows that we did like from tournaments were kind of fun uh well i guess it wasn't necessarily uh podcast shows but like some of those were pretty fun um like from e3 and everything um the pixel poops direct was fun oh yeah you really blew us away on that fried twinkies
[SPEAKER_13]: Let's see.
[SPEAKER_13]: I think like having everybody just in like the apartment and everything back when we had the webcam through the eye toy that was every 10 seconds was just fun to just hang out with everybody.
[SPEAKER_07]: And can we all pour one out?
[SPEAKER_07]: You know, with the show ending, it is obvious that now the Eye of Judgment will never sell a million copies.
[SPEAKER_07]: And unfortunately, Loki will never dress up as Tingle.
[SPEAKER_07]: And that's that's maybe the saddest news of all.
[SPEAKER_13]: That's the saddest news of all.
[SPEAKER_13]: We had the artwork that was made.
[SPEAKER_13]: I won a thing from... It was for kickstarting a game that one of our listeners was a part of.
[SPEAKER_13]: I don't remember.
[SPEAKER_13]: I think it was JVmon?
[SPEAKER_13]: Maybe?
[SPEAKER_13]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_13]: They kickstarted a game and one of their artists would draw something.
[SPEAKER_13]: So I had them draw me as Tingle.
[SPEAKER_13]: We posted that a long time ago on social media.
[SPEAKER_02]: It tingles in our album right now.
[SPEAKER_07]: I have more pictures to share with our live folks that came through for Discord.
[SPEAKER_07]: You ready?
[SPEAKER_07]: Y'all are dumping old pictures here.
[SPEAKER_07]: And if you, on the podcast feed, if you want to see it, vognetwork.com slash Discord, and these are all on the OLR channel.
[SPEAKER_07]: You'll just have to scroll up a little bit.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm going to have to find it.
[SPEAKER_07]: and some pictures again.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm sure Grandpa would love to tell you the story of somebody else in that community who at this same event, I'm sitting down and this person runs up and open mouth kisses me to say hello.
[SPEAKER_07]: There's some very strange memories I have from the past.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh my god.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh my god, this picture I just found.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's see, this is...
[SPEAKER_07]: GamerX, Captain Spike, Slaggy, Gameboy.org
[SPEAKER_07]: And that's Jason.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I can't remember the name of his podcast, but I know his name was Jason because we're still in touch on LinkedIn.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's Jeremy and Phil from Koopa Club at the time.
[SPEAKER_07]: And that's Fox Van Allen, who is moderating that panel in the corner.
[SPEAKER_07]: And then that's me over here on the left.
[SPEAKER_07]: Game Bar.
[SPEAKER_07]: That was it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you, Slaggy.
[SPEAKER_07]: It was Game Bar.
[SPEAKER_07]: G-A-Y-M-E Bar.
[SPEAKER_07]: So that was fun.
[SPEAKER_07]: That was the first... That was right... This was moments before I had a claustrophobia panic attack because these...
[SPEAKER_07]: Look how low that ceiling is.
[SPEAKER_07]: And these doors led to a very crowded hallway that I had a claustrophobia panic attack.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yay.
[SPEAKER_07]: This is a clip from PodCulture of us presenting at the Parsec Awards one year where Bobby was doing some VR joke.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I don't remember the joke, but you'll have to take my word it was really funny.
[SPEAKER_07]: Um...
[SPEAKER_07]: And then I can't believe this got left out.
[SPEAKER_07]: Bobby Blackwolf with this picture.
[SPEAKER_07]: Us broadcasting live at PAX 2008 with all games right there.
[SPEAKER_07]: Look at that.
[SPEAKER_07]: There's Bobby Blackwolf.
[SPEAKER_07]: There's me.
[SPEAKER_07]: I do not remember her name.
[SPEAKER_07]: She was on Dead Pixel Live.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you, Loserly.
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura's over there and Loki's over here.
[SPEAKER_07]: So that was us broadcasting at PAX.
[SPEAKER_07]: That was pretty incredible.
[SPEAKER_07]: So, yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: Why did she call herself Loser?
[SPEAKER_07]: She was not a loser.
[SPEAKER_07]: She was a nice person from what I remember.
[SPEAKER_07]: Even if I have a hard time remembering people's names.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: And then what are these last pictures you're sending me?
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, these are more recent.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm gonna start with this one.
[SPEAKER_02]: One is more recent.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_07]: This one is, I'm gonna start with the second one.
[SPEAKER_07]: So this is you and Jennifer Hale at Gamer X2, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: That was before my surgery.
[SPEAKER_07]: Or was it three?
[SPEAKER_07]: No.
[SPEAKER_07]: Three was at the San Jose.
[SPEAKER_07]: This is the San Jose Convention Center.
[SPEAKER_07]: This is three.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, that was three, because I didn't go to the first one.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: And then, probably the most recent picture, this is us getting together for episode 1000, about two years ago at this point, if you can believe it, at Sunsplash, and we are having a cry because our old stomping grounds kind of sucks now.
[SPEAKER_13]: For reals.
[SPEAKER_13]: Yeah, kinda.
[SPEAKER_13]: Or, like, really sucks right now.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_07]: That was fun.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think I found some California Extreme stuff, but...
[SPEAKER_07]: That's all right.
[SPEAKER_07]: And every time you send me a message, the entire listenership is hearing a Discord ping, so it's all right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Sorry!
[SPEAKER_07]: No, it's fine.
[SPEAKER_07]: Don't worry about sending me any more right now.
[SPEAKER_07]: Sorry, I'm in streamer mode, so it's supposed to be muted.
[SPEAKER_07]: But it might be because I have the website open as well, because I have to have like two copies of Discord open to show these things.
[SPEAKER_07]: So anyway.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, I can't really find any others right now.
[SPEAKER_13]: Can I ping you one more time then?
[SPEAKER_13]: All right, one more time.
[SPEAKER_13]: I don't have the good picture.
[SPEAKER_12]: All right, incoming Discord ping.
[SPEAKER_12]: Here we go.
[SPEAKER_13]: This is when I was, like, mocking up t-shirts, so I pasted the image onto the t-shirt, but it's not the full... But in case people haven't seen the Loki's Tingle drawing, there you go.
[SPEAKER_07]: Why didn't we ever... Why didn't we ever sell that shirt?
[SPEAKER_07]: We could have made money off that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, well.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm just going to go ahead and put this out right now I always wanted to do that memory book
[SPEAKER_02]: and I still fucking want to do it.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I want everyone to find me on Discord and I want to write up and pictures because I'm going to make the damn book.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's going to happen.
[SPEAKER_02]: I say this full of alcohol and spite.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: We have a few headlines left.
[SPEAKER_07]: We do talk about video game news, and I said if anything big happened this week, we talk about it.
[SPEAKER_07]: So Loki, I'd like you to walk us through a few news stories that happened here, here on our last news rundown, so we can give our big fat opinions on them.
[SPEAKER_07]: Loki, what happened in the news this week?
[SPEAKER_13]: so they they made the nominees for the game awards um and it was all basically everything everything Expedition 33 um you know clear obscure so that's great um and uh with that though of course uh there's also a little bit um coming out of that as far as
[SPEAKER_13]: We had one of the nominees actually decline the nomination, and that would have been for Best Independent Game, or no, I'm sorry, Best Debut Indie Game, which was Megabonk.
[SPEAKER_13]: And, you know, it's because it's Danny Dev, okay?
[SPEAKER_13]: Like, he puts his name backwards on there, but it's still Danny Dev, and he's released other games.
[SPEAKER_13]: Um...
[SPEAKER_13]: but yeah, we'll pretend he's a different person, that's fine.
[SPEAKER_13]: Anyways, nominees with the Game Awards, we had some of the notable stuff, let's see, so Game of the Year, Claire Obscure, Expedition 33, Death Stranding 2, On a Beach, Donkey Kong, Bonanza, Hades 2, Hollow Knight, Silksong, and Kingdom Come Deliverance 2.
[SPEAKER_13]: Um...
[SPEAKER_07]: And we don't need every category.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's be real.
[SPEAKER_07]: Claire Obscure is going to sweep.
[SPEAKER_07]: This is like the year Titanic got nominated for like 11 billion Oscars and then it won them all.
[SPEAKER_07]: And that's what's going to happen with Claire Obscure this year.
[SPEAKER_07]: And it's not like...
[SPEAKER_07]: It's deserved.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's one of those things where I feel like there's so much.
[SPEAKER_07]: And for all the arguments of, is Claire Obscure really an indie game and all this, it is a game that was sort of necessary this year.
[SPEAKER_07]: and I think for that reason it's going to get recognized the only way this doesn't win is if people feel some sort of backlash to that inevitable conclusion that it's going to run away and that's where I could see a Silksong or a Hades
[SPEAKER_07]: to take it, is that maybe they want to uplift an even indier game than 33.
[SPEAKER_07]: But I just don't see this ending any other way than Expedition 33 winning.
[SPEAKER_07]: And that's okay.
[SPEAKER_07]: Sometimes that foregone conclusion is the right one.
[SPEAKER_07]: It probably is the game of the year.
[SPEAKER_13]: Even if it's not technically an indie game, the fact that it harkens back to...
[SPEAKER_13]: What you would consider old school game mechanics.
[SPEAKER_13]: Not everything has to be, you know, real-time action and full of microtransactions and with all this other stuff.
[SPEAKER_13]: Like, it can be just, hey, remember how we used to make games, Japanese RPGs back in the day?
[SPEAKER_13]: Yeah, let's do that again.
[SPEAKER_13]: And wow, look, it worked.
[SPEAKER_13]: Who would have thought that people liked the things that they liked before?
[SPEAKER_13]: That's so crazy.
[SPEAKER_13]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_13]: That they would do that and like the things.
[SPEAKER_13]: Nobody likes nostalgia?
[SPEAKER_13]: No!
[SPEAKER_13]: Of course not.
[SPEAKER_07]: I just think, yeah, and Bobby is saying, but it's very time focused.
[SPEAKER_07]: You need very fast Twitch reflexes to do well in it.
[SPEAKER_07]: And that makes me think about how people are always like, oh, or the creators of Final Fantasy, even Yoshi P, who I respect greatly because he saved 14, says, you can't do a Final Fantasy.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's not what people want on next gen.
[SPEAKER_07]: And Claire Obscure really proved that wrong.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I think Claire Obscure is going to impact
[SPEAKER_07]: Final Fantasy 17.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think the reason why we haven't had a Final Fantasy 17 reveal yet is now that development team is basically having to say, how do we make this more like Claire Obscure?
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_07]: yes one quick other note on Game Awards obviously we did not get the Half-Life 3 news this week, big shock left at the altar again by Gabe although it's our fucking fault for buying these fucking rumors every single god damn time they fool us, do you think on the wheel of plausibility, 0 being no, 10 being yeah it's gonna happen, on the wheel of plausibility Half-Life 3 showing up at the Game Awards
[SPEAKER_13]: I can see that, or maybe...
[SPEAKER_13]: I don't know if they're going to be showing this stuff off more at like CES or something.
[SPEAKER_13]: Although they don't really do game announcements around CES, but maybe.
[SPEAKER_13]: Who knows?
[SPEAKER_13]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_13]: We'll announce it when they're ready.
[SPEAKER_07]: I give it a one.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't think it's happening either.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's move on.
[SPEAKER_07]: Some sad news this week, but we need to pay our respects.
[SPEAKER_07]: Right, Loki?
[SPEAKER_13]: Yeah, so unfortunately Rebecca Heinemann has died at age 62 after a battle with... Very aggressive cancer.
[SPEAKER_13]: Yeah, very aggressive cancer.
[SPEAKER_13]: But if you don't recognize the game, she had worked on lots of different games including Baldur's Gate, Wasteland, and Fallout.
[SPEAKER_02]: A whole ton of Mac ports too.
[SPEAKER_13]: Yeah, a whole bunch of games.
[SPEAKER_13]: And, excuse me.
[SPEAKER_13]: Yeah, so lots of classic games from, I know, our youth.
[SPEAKER_13]: And, of course, you know, mentioning Myth 3, The Wolf Age, Heroes of Might and Magic 4, Baldur's Gate 2, also the 3D Outport of Doom.
Yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: And she is a trans pioneer as well in the industry.
[SPEAKER_07]: And that's why you probably don't recognize her name being associated with those games because she was credited under another name.
[SPEAKER_02]: She was on the GLAAD board of directors as well.
[SPEAKER_07]: From my understanding from people that have worked in the industry, this woman touched
[SPEAKER_07]: almost everything like you don't even know the things that she influenced and it's pretty incredible her impact so I really hate that this is a headline on our last show but we have to pay our respects so rest in power now moving on to things that got the internet set ablaze this is oh Loki the entire internet's panties are on fire yeah the internet already shit itself this week we don't need a Half-Life 3 trailer
[SPEAKER_13]: They just had the first official pictures of the Legend of Zelda movie.
[SPEAKER_13]: You know how they do those kind of set shots and stuff like that.
[SPEAKER_13]: Screenshot out of the thing.
[SPEAKER_13]: There's also been more production videos that have been leaking as well, which don't really show a whole ton, but everybody wants to speculate about what they're seeing.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, I mean, I think it'll be cool.
[SPEAKER_02]: The casting looks good.
[SPEAKER_13]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's giving me definitely a Breath of the Wild vibe.
[SPEAKER_13]: Yeah, so it'll be interesting to see what it was actually going to what's going to look like.
[SPEAKER_13]: But yeah, I'm excited.
[SPEAKER_07]: I have to call this out a little bit.
[SPEAKER_07]: This is what's wild to me about this story.
[SPEAKER_07]: We get three pictures, right?
[SPEAKER_07]: And yeah, the actors look good.
[SPEAKER_07]: The content some people make around this.
[SPEAKER_07]: I want to show you guys something.
[SPEAKER_07]: And this is a live YouTube search.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_07]: This is a live YouTube search for Zelda movie for things in the past week.
[SPEAKER_07]: And you've got things.
[SPEAKER_07]: Actually, what is the longest video?
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, we can't sort by.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, duration over 20 minutes.
[SPEAKER_07]: Do we have anything that's over 20 minutes?
[SPEAKER_07]: We sure do.
[SPEAKER_07]: 23 minute first look discussion.
[SPEAKER_07]: three three pictures leads to this uh first look discussion uh one hour three minutes i mean these and to be fair these are podcasts where this is probably just one particular topic but it is wild to me that like how long people will talk about basically what is like three pictures and then there's just like this weird shit weird shit i don't even know what else to call this meltdown legend of zelda movie casting causes outrage from the they thems
[SPEAKER_07]: 12 Minutes, The Legend of Zelda.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, no, that's a different one.
[SPEAKER_07]: Fake Trails.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm actually watching a little bit of a short.
[SPEAKER_07]: Seven Minutes.
[SPEAKER_07]: I thought there was another one that was like, oh, libs are so mad about this sort of thing.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I'm just like, what the fuck?
[SPEAKER_07]: What the fuck?
[SPEAKER_07]: Like, you literally can say anything on the internet.
[SPEAKER_07]: You literally can say anything on the internet.
[SPEAKER_07]: And people do it on YouTube.
[SPEAKER_07]: and it's hard to compete with some of that, which is so sad.
[SPEAKER_07]: So sad.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, rage generates clicks, says Bobby Blackwolf.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's sad, but it's true.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I hope, you know what?
[SPEAKER_07]: There are several parting messages I'm sure we will give you throughout the night, but there is one big thing we can give you to take away.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's please don't
[SPEAKER_07]: Please don't give these rage baiters, these rage debaters, please do not uplift these rage debaters.
[SPEAKER_07]: There are so many positive indie shows and people that really enjoy video games and people that uplift this industry.
[SPEAKER_07]: Those are the things that need to be retweeted.
[SPEAKER_07]: Those are the things that need to be quote posted about.
[SPEAKER_07]: Those are the things that need to be uplifted and shared with friends.
[SPEAKER_07]: Leave the rage debaters behind.
[SPEAKER_07]: They're not good enough for your attention.
[SPEAKER_07]: And yeah, it all goes back to one of those topics we were talking about earlier.
[SPEAKER_07]: Absolutely.
[SPEAKER_07]: Anyway.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: I just had to bring that up because it was one of those things I just knew.
[SPEAKER_07]: When I saw those three pictures, I was like, where are the 17-minute YouTubes talking about these three pictures?
[SPEAKER_07]: Never disappointed.
[SPEAKER_07]: Never disappointed in those types of predictions.
[SPEAKER_07]: But also a little disappointed.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: One more.
[SPEAKER_07]: One more big thing that happened this week.
[SPEAKER_07]: Loki.
[SPEAKER_13]: Xbox said things.
[SPEAKER_13]: They have games coming out by their partners.
[SPEAKER_13]: And yeah, and more Game Pass announcements and stuff.
[SPEAKER_13]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_13]: Some of it looked good.
[SPEAKER_13]: Anything that caught your eye?
[SPEAKER_13]: There's the one that's based off of, oh God, it's called... I'll say the Vampire Survivors card game while you're thinking.
[SPEAKER_07]: There was that.
[SPEAKER_07]: I did see that.
[SPEAKER_07]: That looked cute.
[SPEAKER_13]: Vampire Crawlers, thank you Captain Spike, I couldn't remember the name at the moment
[SPEAKER_13]: Yeah, other than that, like, I didn't, I kind of skimmed through some of the other stuff, and there wasn't a whole lot that, like, jumped out at me as, like, kind of, wow, you know, I gotta, I gotta get me this.
[SPEAKER_13]: Um, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_13]: But, yeah, I mean, it, I'm always, uh, good to see new games coming up.
[SPEAKER_07]: I, Microsoft kind of needed to play a card this week.
[SPEAKER_13]: Zoopunk, that's what it was.
[SPEAKER_13]: Zoopunk.
[SPEAKER_13]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: I was going to say, Microsoft sort of needed some good news and needed to play this card this week because that news, I mean, there's just been a lot of negative, negative news.
[SPEAKER_07]: I still don't think they're really in the clear.
[SPEAKER_07]: I still think they have a long way to justify the new price of Game Pass.
[SPEAKER_07]: But, you know, and a lot of people are noting that the Fortnite partnership started, but I don't know anybody that is excited about Game Pass right now.
[SPEAKER_07]: And this is Microsoft's attempt to do that.
[SPEAKER_13]: That's the other thing, though.
[SPEAKER_13]: So, Zoopunk looks cool, but then, as Mike Deff pointed out, is apparently a game that's going to let people use AI to create mods.
[SPEAKER_13]: So, yeah, you have a good game, and then they mar it with that nonsense that doesn't need to be in there.
[SPEAKER_13]: Like, ugh, fine.
[SPEAKER_13]: But, the Echo Generations 2, I guess.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, from new games to classic games, one more time, DarkSakura is here with a retro pick for us.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's get to the bumper one last time here on Orange Launch Radio.
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura.com
[SPEAKER_07]: Sukiban Shacho Rena for the Wii.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yes, of course.
[SPEAKER_07]: Come on.
[SPEAKER_07]: How could we not?
[SPEAKER_07]: I think most people are going to be like, how did you not pick this yet?
[SPEAKER_02]: Because I just haven't.
[SPEAKER_02]: So it is an action game that was developed by Jorudan for the Wii, and it was available only in Japan.
[SPEAKER_02]: It is also the last known video game to be developed by Jorudan.
[SPEAKER_02]: Um, but you play as, uh, a cat named Rena, who is the mascot for a blog named Neckle Punch and is also the CEO of a fictional company called Cat Queen Incorporated.
[SPEAKER_02]: And so your job is you're a new employee and you have to appease Rena.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, um,
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, so you have a bunch of mini-games to play where you take control of a cat or some other humans and you have to play the piano or dodge cats or take money from a cat when it's not looking or dance for Rena and you use the Wii Remote or the Nunchuk to play the game.
[SPEAKER_02]: This game...
[SPEAKER_02]: We wanted it to be great, y'all.
[SPEAKER_02]: We wanted it to be great.
[SPEAKER_02]: This was the game that got us put on Destructoid.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because I was trying to describe the name of what a Shacho was.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because I knew what these words meant, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: And Sukiban is like a delinquent.
[SPEAKER_02]: You get more of the...
[SPEAKER_02]: Cultural, the appearance one would think of would be like the girl in the really long... Think Zaki from Rival Schools.
[SPEAKER_02]: Think Zaki from Rival Schools.
[SPEAKER_02]: It'd be like the long skirt and, you know, like with a yo-yo or like chains or something.
[SPEAKER_02]: She's the delinquent girl.
[SPEAKER_13]: But Shacho is...
[SPEAKER_13]: Nevermind.
[SPEAKER_13]: Sorry.
[SPEAKER_02]: But anyway... Yes, thank you.
[SPEAKER_02]: There you go.
[SPEAKER_02]: But Shacho is like the head of a company.
[SPEAKER_02]: The president of a company.
[SPEAKER_02]: And that was where we were getting President Cat from.
[SPEAKER_02]: So it was like more like delinquent CEO Rena.
[SPEAKER_02]: I do not know if you can pet the cat.
[SPEAKER_02]: Loki can answer that because Loki has the game.
[SPEAKER_13]: I haven't played it enough.
[SPEAKER_02]: And he won't let me steal it from him.
[SPEAKER_13]: You have it, I think.
[SPEAKER_13]: I thought I gave it to you.
[SPEAKER_06]: You can pirate it now.
[SPEAKER_06]: Did you?
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't think you did.
[SPEAKER_13]: Someone has it, but maybe I still do.
[SPEAKER_13]: But yeah, I have it on my portable handheld thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because I want to play the shit out of it.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm going to stream it.
[SPEAKER_13]: I was hoping someone would fan translate it.
[SPEAKER_13]: That would be nice, but...
[SPEAKER_13]: You can find it out there on the internet archive somewhere.
[SPEAKER_07]: Excellent point that Loki brings up.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let me wait until Jamie's done because I don't want to cut her off with anything that has to do with us.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, at any rate...
[SPEAKER_02]: S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_02]: People thought it was really funny, but that it really didn't have a lot of different content and the minigames weren't all that great.
[SPEAKER_02]: There wasn't really a lot of variety.
[SPEAKER_02]: And the Neko Punch blog is gone, although I think you can weigh back it.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I mean...
[SPEAKER_02]: For us, this was just a thing for us, you know?
[SPEAKER_02]: We made something trend, okay?
[SPEAKER_02]: We made it trend.
[SPEAKER_02]: And let me see, because there is a link to the Destructoid article, and I will...
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh god, it links back to our article on the OLR website, so I'll put that in there.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's the link.
[SPEAKER_02]: You'll have to look around for it.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's the grassroots effort to localize President Kat Rena Begins.
[SPEAKER_02]: But yeah, we tried.
[SPEAKER_02]: We tried, everybody.
[SPEAKER_02]: We tried.
[SPEAKER_07]: And that's kind of what I wanted to say in follow-up to what Loki was saying about this game and the localized and all that stuff is that I do not regret what we tried to do.
[SPEAKER_07]: I do not regret it, and I'm not going to apologize for it because in many ways, I know it kind of got taken as a joke.
[SPEAKER_07]: It wasn't a fucking joke.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't remember if it was this site or another site that sort of very tongue-in-cheek said, don't know if it would really be worth it for them to localize this because it's probably not a very good game at the end of the day, so maybe we shouldn't be getting their hopes up that it would actually do well here.
[SPEAKER_07]: Here's the fucking thing.
[SPEAKER_07]: Do you remember, since we're reflecting back, do you remember just how much shovelware and piss we were getting on the Nintendo Wii?
[SPEAKER_07]: Absolutely piss games we were getting on the Nintendo Wii.
[SPEAKER_07]: It was so bad it was like throwing back to the Atari 2600 before the game crashed.
[SPEAKER_07]: There were so many terrible games.
[SPEAKER_07]: And it's not that President Cat was necessarily going to be like a fucking Claire Obscure of its time, that it was going to be a winning game.
[SPEAKER_07]: But look at this mini game that's playing right now on Twitch.
[SPEAKER_07]: And for those of you in the podcast feed, it's a music game with a person and a cat playing the piano.
[SPEAKER_07]: Right?
[SPEAKER_07]: you will never know how this game would do in America and if it would have been a big meme success because you didn't try and I get that maybe this game had some licensing things and some other things were but there were other games similar enough where I'm just like I really wish more
[SPEAKER_07]: GameMakers in this time.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I feel like it is better now because a lot more consoles are region free.
[SPEAKER_07]: The Wii wasn't region free.
[SPEAKER_07]: We're now in more of a global economy when it comes to video games.
[SPEAKER_07]: But I just, I don't regret trying to make President Cat happen because I think we could have used a big stupid game like this.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's cats being silly.
[SPEAKER_07]: You tell me how that was going to be any worse than like Barbie Gem Adventure, you know, things.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, Drew String in chat says, sometimes we just want to play a silly, dumb game.
[SPEAKER_07]: Exactly.
[SPEAKER_07]: Now, funny enough, there was a game that came out years later called Cap President, which had nothing to do with this or the campaign.
[SPEAKER_07]: The guy had no idea.
[SPEAKER_07]: It was more of a commentary on political elections going on at the time because we reached out to that guy.
[SPEAKER_07]: Did he come on the show?
[SPEAKER_07]: He did.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay, he did come on the show and promote it.
[SPEAKER_17]: Aww.
[SPEAKER_07]: So, you know, it's funny because it had nothing to do with this game, but, you know, it ended up, we ended up getting a President Cat type of game, but it was very, very, very, very, very different.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, I still want President Midna.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay, anything else to say about President Cat, DarkSakura, our final classic game of the week?
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm just awing at, like, the flowery picture of Renna running toward the dude with love.
Sigh.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh my gosh, this is so funny.
[SPEAKER_07]: So, SSJ100Map found this and apologized for giving us this website.
[SPEAKER_07]: No, this is okay.
[SPEAKER_07]: The RenaWe Twitter account is still active and it says, thank you so much.
[SPEAKER_07]: Talked about it on their radio show and it looks like an interesting game to play.
[SPEAKER_07]: This was the tweet that proves President Cat knows we exist.
[SPEAKER_07]: And Actdeft, for what it's worth.
[SPEAKER_02]: You know what?
[SPEAKER_02]: Screenshot time.
[SPEAKER_02]: This is going in the book.
[SPEAKER_02]: yeah it should you might want to look through some of their other tweets around that period because it was legendary stuff the official account for female president Rena Wee see they took the name alright for the record I actually had for the longest time my Webex picture was Rena oh funny at work
[SPEAKER_05]: That's funny.
[SPEAKER_02]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then I changed it to Charlie the Unicorn.
[SPEAKER_07]: I want to go to our next segment, which usually we would talk about release dates.
[SPEAKER_07]: Obviously that seems... What's that, Jamie?
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, I'm just being right back.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, okay.
[SPEAKER_07]: I want to get into our next segment about release dates, which usually we would travel around the world and read out what's coming out to you this week.
[SPEAKER_07]: But since, you know, we're done...
[SPEAKER_07]: I thought maybe we could just kind of look generally at the rest of 2025 and if there's anything that you are excited about that's coming out like any notable things that are coming out that maybe you want to talk a little bit about here coming out for the rest of the year.
[SPEAKER_13]: Um, I'd probably pick up Sonic Racing Crossworlds when it comes out on the Switch 2, which is supposed to be in a week or so on the 4th of December.
[SPEAKER_13]: So that's something I've been looking forward to picking up.
[SPEAKER_13]: I think I might also have it on PC, though.
[SPEAKER_13]: But I know we'd get more play out of it on the Switch 2.
[SPEAKER_13]: Um...
[SPEAKER_13]: I don't know what this is.
[SPEAKER_13]: This Terminator 2D No Fate.
[SPEAKER_13]: I don't know if that's based off of like the old arcade game or if that's some new thing.
[SPEAKER_13]: Might be cool to check out.
[SPEAKER_13]: And there was another one that was just I think I got to look at that Dinkum game that came out earlier this year.
[SPEAKER_07]: Dinkum?
[SPEAKER_07]: I hardly knew him.
[SPEAKER_07]: Exactly.
[SPEAKER_07]: Actually, I've seen Mish on socials really praising that game, so there must be something about it.
[SPEAKER_13]: Yeah, there's that one, and then there's another one, too, I just wish-listed.
[SPEAKER_13]: Um...
[SPEAKER_13]: I just wishlisted it yesterday, actually.
[SPEAKER_13]: Let me, I gotta pull this up real quick.
[SPEAKER_13]: It was, it's another game similar to that.
[SPEAKER_13]: It reminded me of, like, an Animal Crossing crossed with, like, almost, like, gang beasts in the sense that, like, you're running around as a little animal, like, anthropomorphic animals.
[SPEAKER_13]: But it looked pretty cool.
[SPEAKER_13]: It was Pow Pow is what it's called.
[SPEAKER_13]: P-A-O-P-A-O
[SPEAKER_13]: and yeah, look kind of interesting.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Looking at Japan, obviously there's a lot of similar releases.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't think there's anything coming out drastically different from here, especially with the AAA games.
[SPEAKER_07]: Obviously Metroid Prime 4 is probably the biggest thing I'm still looking forward to that we're going to have on December 4th.
[SPEAKER_07]: And that's going to be a big release in Japan, Switch and Switch 2 edition.
[SPEAKER_07]: Octopath Traveler I think will be on a lot of people's radars as well.
[SPEAKER_07]: And Octopath Traveler Zero is getting its release on the 4th of December, which I know is going to be exciting for a lot of people.
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_07]: and I think really that's most of the stuff on my radar.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm looking really quick to see if there's anything on PlayStation 5 for the rest of the year that might be on my radar.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't think so for me.
[SPEAKER_07]: They are selling the Final Fantasy 7 remake, integrate and rebirth as a dual pack, which I think is interesting.
[SPEAKER_07]: But I think most people are caught up on that at this point.
[SPEAKER_07]: Maybe people are excited for Yakuza being redone, the original.
[SPEAKER_07]: Zero, one, and two are all happening.
[SPEAKER_13]: I'm more excited about all these indie games that we don't know about.
[SPEAKER_13]: I have to even go back to my wish list and stuff.
[SPEAKER_13]: There's this one right now that just came out.
[SPEAKER_13]: Actually, just came out on Friday.
[SPEAKER_13]: Last week, called Neon Inferno.
[SPEAKER_13]: And it looks amazing.
[SPEAKER_13]: It's like a Gunstar Heroes, Contra, Metal Slug-looking game.
[SPEAKER_13]: And it's like a little indie game.
[SPEAKER_13]: It's definitely worth picking.
[SPEAKER_13]: I mean, it's gorgeous.
[SPEAKER_13]: Check it out.
[SPEAKER_13]: I mean, there's so many that are out there.
[SPEAKER_13]: DarkSakura, as you look at Europe release dates, is there anything you're looking forward to for the rest of the year?
[SPEAKER_02]: Bubble Bobble Sugar Dimensions?
[SPEAKER_02]: Star Ocean is my classic, not my classic game, but my retro game.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm trying to decide but yeah nothing really maybe Bubble Bobble I like Bubble Bobble who doesn't?
[SPEAKER_07]: Actually, it was pointed out to me that one of these machines, my little Evercade, the Mega Man one I have, apparently they're going to be doing one for Taito as well.
[SPEAKER_07]: And so Bubble Bobble will be on that, I think, New Zealand story.
[SPEAKER_07]: But the Evercade cartridges already exist.
[SPEAKER_07]: So technically I could just get the cartridges and it would be like the same thing, but if I wanted like a branded machine.
[SPEAKER_07]: But maybe – I don't know if you have any interest in one of these, DarkSakura, but maybe a Taito one would be up your alley.
[SPEAKER_07]: But yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: I've been keeping an eye on the Evercade stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: you know how much crap I have in my house I hear ya, I hear ya
[SPEAKER_02]: We got too much pinball.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: After this segment, we will be opening up our phone lines over at vognetwork.com slash discord.
[SPEAKER_07]: Depending on how many of you are in there, we may have a time limit tonight.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I just would ask before you call in, please try to keep your thoughts succinct, if you will.
[SPEAKER_07]: We also have, if there are multiple people waiting in the green room, we have a channel called, we made something, we did something new tonight.
[SPEAKER_07]: We made a channel called You Are Next.
[SPEAKER_07]: So at any point you may be zooped into that channel that says you are next and that'll let you know you're going to be the next one on.
[SPEAKER_07]: So be ready for it.
[SPEAKER_07]: So just be ready for that.
[SPEAKER_07]: So we will be opening up the... You can go to the green room now if you want, but we will be opening it up officially in just a moment.
[SPEAKER_07]: But we have one more segment to get to and that is...
[SPEAKER_07]: An OLR Foodio.
[SPEAKER_07]: Because it came to our attention, and this is really dark to see it, it said, you know, you collected all those points in chat to do an OLR Foodio and you never did one.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I think the listeners all understand why.
[SPEAKER_07]: They know that right when that happened, I ended up getting diagnosed with diabetes and I had a little bit of like food association kind of rough stuff for a minute there.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I didn't really want to talk about food.
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura, how was your foodie week?
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, I'm eating chocolate powdered cashews with espresso coated powdered hazelnuts.
[SPEAKER_02]: But Dan made fillets tonight with mac and cheese.
[SPEAKER_02]: And it was alright, you know, it felt kind of like fancy, yet college And I've just basically gone off my diet all week because I didn't give a shit Took Monday off of ballet I'm just eating, I'm enjoying myself Because I'm back on getting ready for ballet recital But yeah, I made a really good quesadilla the other day
[SPEAKER_02]: I really am addicted to the BB Go chicken and vegetable soup dumplings.
[SPEAKER_02]: Really addicted, really.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, work had this amazing mushroom Swiss burger and really good fries.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I had that this week.
[SPEAKER_02]: I actually ate at work.
[SPEAKER_02]: Although I was thinking about getting one of the pizza, but I mean, the food at my work.
[SPEAKER_02]: I can't say where I work.
[SPEAKER_02]: but the food at work is really freaking good when they don't put like peppers all over the fucking place and oh yeah I did have carrot cake last week and I made poutine for myself actually since Fantas mentioned it I didn't really have like legit poutine stuff but I had some curry gravy
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura.com
[SPEAKER_02]: I would say that's about it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, that and I'm also boozing.
[SPEAKER_11]: Yes, you are.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I will tell you right now, the Borgiata chocolate liqueur is better than Godiva.
[SPEAKER_02]: You get dark chocolate.
[SPEAKER_02]: You can get chocolate mint.
[SPEAKER_02]: You can get orange chocolate.
[SPEAKER_02]: And it's cheaper and more delightful.
[SPEAKER_02]: And it's thick, like with two C's.
[SPEAKER_02]: And it makes a really fucking good drink.
[SPEAKER_07]: I always pronounce thick with two C's.
[SPEAKER_02]: Chlanta.
[SPEAKER_02]: Thick-k.
[SPEAKER_07]: L'chaim!
[SPEAKER_07]: Loki, how was your foodie week?
[SPEAKER_13]: Pretty uneventful, I would say.
[SPEAKER_13]: You didn't eat?
[SPEAKER_13]: I didn't get that much.
[SPEAKER_13]: I got these cool sweet heat snack mix from Costco.
[SPEAKER_13]: So I got that.
[SPEAKER_13]: My sage and brown butter popcorn.
[SPEAKER_13]: That's a thing that Safeway's been putting out for the holidays as well.
[SPEAKER_13]: I bought...
[SPEAKER_13]: I think these are going to be good.
[SPEAKER_13]: Every time I see weird flavored lays, I pick them up.
[SPEAKER_13]: They had salted caramel today.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, what's that like?
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, I hate caramel, but is it good?
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_13]: I haven't tried them yet.
[SPEAKER_13]: I have not tried them yet.
[SPEAKER_32]: Live on air.
[SPEAKER_13]: One sec.
[SPEAKER_07]: I guess I'm going to talk about my foodie week then while you get prepped for that so we don't have dead air.
[SPEAKER_07]: So my foodie week.
[SPEAKER_07]: We went to Chili's last night.
[SPEAKER_07]: That was exciting.
[SPEAKER_07]: We do date night once a week, and we did fine dining at Chili's this week.
[SPEAKER_07]: But I will say the thing that Chili's does that I think is really –
[SPEAKER_07]: Did you know?
[SPEAKER_07]: So they're selling these special margaritas right now.
[SPEAKER_07]: The Wicked Witch Brew and the Good Witch Brew or something like that.
[SPEAKER_07]: So it's like implied that they are Wicked tie-ins.
[SPEAKER_07]: But here's the thing.
[SPEAKER_07]: They're not.
[SPEAKER_07]: Nowhere on their advertisement does it say the movie Wicked.
[SPEAKER_07]: Does it show Cynthia Erivo, Ariana Grande?
[SPEAKER_07]: None of that.
[SPEAKER_07]: It doesn't show any of that.
[SPEAKER_07]: So it's like when you have the Super Bowl and the restaurant does the specials for the big game.
[SPEAKER_07]: And on Chili's part, this is so smart because we were right across from a table of like six women who were probably either going to or coming back from seeing the movie who all had one of those margaritas.
[SPEAKER_07]: And all over TikTok, I see people drinking them both at once.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think that's one of the most genius marketing things Chili's has particularly done is those branded drinks without actually being branded.
[SPEAKER_07]: Wild.
[SPEAKER_07]: well otherwise yeah i i like i like the soup even even though don't tell me how Chili's makes their soup i know i'm gonna be disappointed let me have shitty comfort food let me have shitty comfort food exactly it's just like the olive garden minestrone it's from a can or it's like a big barrel that they make it but you know what craft mac and cheese is from a box what
[SPEAKER_02]: They did have at BJ's like a bathtub that you could get a little ducky wearing a witch hat and drink whatever was in it.
[SPEAKER_02]: I wasn't going to pay for that shit, but it was cute.
[SPEAKER_07]: BJ's is one of the spots we go, which is a brewery.
[SPEAKER_07]: Don't get it twisted because it has that name.
[SPEAKER_07]: That is a place that we would go to a lot, but we, yeah.
[SPEAKER_13]: What else?
[SPEAKER_13]: So this is very salted caramel.
[SPEAKER_13]: Oh, like it smells very.
[SPEAKER_13]: Did you eat one?
[SPEAKER_13]: It smells good.
[SPEAKER_13]: I haven't eaten it yet.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I would hate it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, I bet I would love them, but they're probably not within my diet.
[SPEAKER_13]: It's not very strong, but certainly tastes like salt caramel.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, then I would hate it.
[SPEAKER_07]: The other thing I will share for my foodie week is there was a day, Friday, that I had pizza for lunch and pizza for dinner.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I didn't intend for it to happen this way.
[SPEAKER_07]: No, it wasn't Friday.
[SPEAKER_07]: It was Thursday.
[SPEAKER_07]: Pizza for lunch, pizza for dinner.
[SPEAKER_07]: Because I was in the office at work, and one of my coworkers and I agreed to get together.
[SPEAKER_07]: We were working on our little podcast project I talked about at the beginning of the show.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm hosting it with one of my coworkers.
[SPEAKER_07]: And her and I were like, oh, we're going to have a fun day in the office.
[SPEAKER_07]: We'll go out and get lunch.
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_07]: For me, I like Mt.
[SPEAKER_07]: Mike's pizza, and the reason why I like Mt.
[SPEAKER_07]: Mike's pizza is it's like 90% the quality of a Roundtable pizza, but without being that expensive.
[SPEAKER_07]: Like half the price.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's why I like Mt.
[SPEAKER_13]: Mike's.
[SPEAKER_13]: I like how they have the little grease-cut pepperonis, the tiny ones.
[SPEAKER_13]: Those are so good.
[SPEAKER_07]: There is no better pizza than Roundtable as far as chain pizza places go, but it's too expensive now.
[SPEAKER_13]: Well, yeah, it depends on which one you go to as well nowadays.
[SPEAKER_13]: But I don't think that they're necessarily cheaper, though, than Roundtable either.
[SPEAKER_13]: They are still pretty expensive.
[SPEAKER_02]: Sorry.
[SPEAKER_02]: I like the pizza bill that's near me.
[SPEAKER_07]: Sometimes this show does get Sacramento specific because this is our backyard.
[SPEAKER_07]: But I think about Mike's is West Coast, right?
[SPEAKER_07]: They have them in like Arizona, Colorado.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's pretty West Coast.
[SPEAKER_07]: I just don't think they have them back east.
[SPEAKER_07]: Same thing with Roundtable.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think Roundtable is pretty West Coast.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, I had a round table until I moved out here.
[SPEAKER_02]: Of course, you know what the first question I asked was?
[SPEAKER_02]: Where's the Waffle House?
[SPEAKER_07]: Nope, never.
[SPEAKER_07]: Not in this stage.
[SPEAKER_07]: Nope.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hey, I found that out firsthand.
[SPEAKER_07]: So anyway, my pizza story.
[SPEAKER_07]: So we split like a little baby pizza, which is perfect for lunch, just right about a food.
[SPEAKER_07]: And then we do our podcast.
[SPEAKER_07]: And then I come home and I'm like, yeah, Alan, what are you thinking about for dinner tonight?
[SPEAKER_07]: He's like, oh, we're gonna do pizza.
[SPEAKER_07]: Because we get these cauliflower crust pizzas from...
[SPEAKER_07]: Costco.
[SPEAKER_07]: And when he's like, I don't want to do a big to-do meal, he's like, I'm just going to put something in the oven, do a pizza for like a lazy night.
[SPEAKER_07]: And he did.
[SPEAKER_07]: And it was fine because I like this pizza.
[SPEAKER_07]: So at least it was two.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_07]: Burr 11 and Chezza.
[SPEAKER_07]: At least it was two different kinds of pizzas.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yes, it was.
[SPEAKER_07]: Rin Mari talking about local chains saying, we just got a Raising Cane's here lately.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_07]: That is the most.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I know I piss some listeners off when I say this.
[SPEAKER_07]: Too bad.
[SPEAKER_07]: What are you going to do?
[SPEAKER_07]: Fire me?
[SPEAKER_07]: I quit.
[SPEAKER_07]: Raising canes is the most overrated fucking fast food I've never been there that has ever arrived to California overrated
[SPEAKER_02]: I remember, Loki, when you were all about the firehouse or whatever that was.
[SPEAKER_07]: Number one, anything where the key lore to that place is mayonnaise based is a hard no.
[SPEAKER_07]: Number two, the chicken strips are exactly the same as Carl's Jr.'
[SPEAKER_07]: 's chicken strips.
[SPEAKER_07]: I said what I said.
[SPEAKER_07]: but I will say their french fries do slap that's the one thing and the fact that they serve everything with Texas toast I can get down with Texas toast but it's not something that I think is worth losing your mind over Mike Def says oh go ahead I miss Crystal Crystal?
[SPEAKER_07]: oh the burger place the southern answer to White Castle I seen that in Nashville when I was there yeah yeah
[SPEAKER_13]: Yeah, I wasn't obsessed with any place called Firehouse.
[SPEAKER_13]: I think you may be remembering it's either Von's Chicken, which is the Korean chicken place.
[SPEAKER_13]: They still are around, actually.
[SPEAKER_13]: They opened up more.
[SPEAKER_13]: They went away for a second, then they came back.
[SPEAKER_13]: But yeah, that's still pretty good.
[SPEAKER_13]: And then the other thing I like is the Nashville Hot Chicken stuff, which now...
[SPEAKER_13]: and funny enough, Roostars, which is now Cosmic Roosters in the old Hooters that was over there in Rancho Cordova.
[SPEAKER_13]: But yeah, they've been there for a while now and I think they're pretty good.
[SPEAKER_13]: I used to like, there was this food truck called Nash & Proper.
[SPEAKER_13]: Oh yeah.
[SPEAKER_13]: They're downtown.
Yeah.
[SPEAKER_13]: Yeah, they have a place downtown and they have ghost kitchens, but I ordered it through DoorDash or whatever from the ghost kitchen.
[SPEAKER_13]: It was not good.
[SPEAKER_13]: It was not good anymore.
[SPEAKER_13]: National Tender was another kind of knockoff chain.
[SPEAKER_13]: It was also good.
[SPEAKER_13]: They only have one in Lodi now because the Folsom location closed, but yeah, Roostars is pretty good.
[SPEAKER_13]: I think they have multiple locations, but yeah, anyway, the Nashville hot stuff's pretty good.
[SPEAKER_13]: Uh, Pieology's where I've been, or uh, Mod Pizza's where we've been going pretty much weekly now What's that place, what's that place called in Nashville that's like the, somebody in chat's gotta know this, it's like the home of that stuff So, was it Hattie's?
[SPEAKER_07]: Was that the name of it?
[SPEAKER_07]: It's like, they have a big one downtown in that food court Somebody's gotta know Nashville and know what I'm talking about
[SPEAKER_07]: and that was pretty fucking incredible to be honest but a huge line at that place you know what I'm very sad about that's gone?
[SPEAKER_02]: pizza orgasmica oh they're gone?
[SPEAKER_02]: yeah they're gone I haven't thought about them in a while I mean it's been a few years but I loved that baked potato pizza that they had
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, God.
[SPEAKER_07]: One more comment here from Mike, because we got eight people in the green room right now.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I want to get to that.
[SPEAKER_07]: But where is it?
[SPEAKER_07]: Mike Deft in chat says, I'm Mexican and I loathe American style tacos, but Jack in the Box tacos slap.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think Jack in the Box is- On what planet?
[SPEAKER_07]: I think Jack in the Box is an underrated fast food chain myself.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think I never have a problem because they have such a diverse menu that I never have.
[SPEAKER_07]: And their egg rolls are like the hidden gem on that whole menu.
[SPEAKER_07]: Those egg rolls are a perfect snack.
[SPEAKER_07]: I get sick almost every time I eat there.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh my God.
[SPEAKER_07]: No, I love Jack in the Box.
[SPEAKER_07]: But I will say as far as now, if you want me to get whoever said Sacramento specific, here you go.
[SPEAKER_07]: Because this is a very controversial opinion because I find people either love or hate and you can put me down and love Jim Boy's Tacos.
[SPEAKER_07]: I fucking love Jim Boy's tacos, but some people can't, like, Seeger can't fucking stand them and says, like, he'd rather eat, I'm pretty sure he said he'd rather eat vomit I like the taste of Jim Boy's tacos, I cannot eat Jim Boy's without being violently ill, every time Yeah, it makes, it does, I don't know, there's something in it that makes people violently ill, I don't know
[SPEAKER_02]: Everything I've eaten at Jim Boyce has made me really sick.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, Dan took me there the first, when I first moved out here.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I'll just put it this way.
[SPEAKER_02]: I basically, you know, set up an extra bedroom in the bathroom.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, no.
[SPEAKER_02]: But, oh, yeah, it was bad.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was bad.
[SPEAKER_02]: I was sick.
[SPEAKER_02]: But we have a place called Felipe's that's out in Citrus Heights, like close to where I used to live.
[SPEAKER_02]: You know, the old Shermie house.
Mm-hmm.
[SPEAKER_02]: and um okay it was it was like where that same shopping center that the bingo place is at on greenback i think or auburn but anyway wow yeah um but i'm just trying to put in perspective for local folks um but anyway uh they have the best chicken tacos
[SPEAKER_02]: The Best Chicken Tacos
[SPEAKER_02]: Chondos is delicious, but it also made me sick.
[SPEAKER_07]: And that is another hyper-specific Sacramento thing.
[SPEAKER_07]: Except they had one location in the Buckhead District in Atlanta.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think it's something like the cousin lived out in Atlanta and tried to start Chondos out there.
[SPEAKER_13]: I was also sad that they closed a long time ago, but we had a Sharky's up by us, and that had literally the best salsa ever.
[SPEAKER_13]: They had a salsa bard.
[SPEAKER_13]: It was just so good.
[SPEAKER_13]: And then it's gone.
[SPEAKER_13]: And going back...
[SPEAKER_02]: and DarkSakura.com.
[SPEAKER_07]: and not that I'm going to spend any money there but the food is fucking good every time I crave it I get actually when we had that Nash thing that Loki was talking about they do a really good knockoff sandwich that was really good but we don't their their ghost kitchen closed so now I just have McDonald's before I knew better when I lived in Alabama and I worked in the mall
[SPEAKER_02]: Um, my friend worked at the Chick-fil-A, and when I had to pull a 13-hour shift on a Saturday, they would keep the, um, the hash brown, the little hash brown nuggets, um, thawed out for me, just for me.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because I would get my chicken nuggets and my hash brown nuggets.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, so, but I, yeah, I won't spend money there now, but I just want to say that, you know, people...
[SPEAKER_02]: If you truly don't like it, that's fine.
[SPEAKER_02]: But there are a lot of people out there who will say, oh, I don't like that thing when they're boycotting it for some sort of political or social reason.
[SPEAKER_02]: And the thing is, is that you can say, yeah, I actually like the food or I like the product, but I don't like the company, so I'm going to do without.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's kind of how I feel about Target.
[SPEAKER_07]: I used to love going there because we used to go to dinner and then we'd go to Target for no reason.
[SPEAKER_02]: Did you hear about that shit about them saying you have to smile and make eye contact?
[SPEAKER_02]: Fuck no.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's a reason for me not to go.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's so misguided.
[SPEAKER_13]: I would like to mention along the lines of that that they force them to do this.
[SPEAKER_13]: It's always awkward.
[SPEAKER_13]: I hate that they have to do this.
[SPEAKER_13]: Burger King.
[SPEAKER_13]: Every time that they greet you at Burger King, they have to tell you, you rule.
[SPEAKER_13]: I don't need a Burger King.
[SPEAKER_07]: I didn't know that.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's terrible.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, I actually kind of inherited a vendetta against Burger King thanks to Becky.
[SPEAKER_02]: Um, the only thing I ever liked there was their, uh, their onion rings and sometimes I could get Surge.
[SPEAKER_11]: I don't think there's anything I like at Burger King.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, I will, I will.
[SPEAKER_11]: I always go for the breakfast sandwiches.
[SPEAKER_11]: That's it.
[SPEAKER_02]: I just don't eat fast food.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's the thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, sometimes I do.
[SPEAKER_13]: Bobby Blackwolf in chat says but I do rule yes you do Bobby you do but like it's just it's so like like just don't make your employees do it you're like barely paying them like it's not gonna make the customer go wow I rule oh wow I feel so special now I'm gonna keep coming back here like it it really it's just it's so gross it's just all right cringy yeah
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, we've got like nine people in the green room.
[SPEAKER_07]: I want to get two calls.
[SPEAKER_07]: But there you go.
[SPEAKER_07]: Food discussion.
[SPEAKER_07]: Ample food discussion.
[SPEAKER_07]: Taking over the final episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you for being patient with us and I hope some of it was worth the wait.
[SPEAKER_07]: Now we can think about a different point, Radim, for the channel.
[SPEAKER_07]: Anyway, okay, we are going to be going to listener final thoughts.
[SPEAKER_07]: We have emails, we have videos, we have calls.
[SPEAKER_07]: So because we have so much tonight, I am going to ask our listeners, when I pull you into the You Are Next room, if you could make sure your camera is on if you want it to be on.
[SPEAKER_07]: You don't have to be on camera if you don't want to.
[SPEAKER_07]: So that way when I pull you
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay, and if I put you in that you are next room, stay in there.
[SPEAKER_07]: Otherwise, I'm pulling someone else in there.
[SPEAKER_07]: So turn your camera on, and then I will pull you in on the air.
[SPEAKER_07]: And then if you don't want to be on cam, that's fine.
[SPEAKER_07]: You don't have to.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, do cameras turn off when you change rooms?
[SPEAKER_07]: That's good to know, Bobby.
[SPEAKER_07]: Then try to turn it on right away.
[SPEAKER_07]: I am going to be limiting calls to like two to three minutes tonight, just because we have a lot to get through.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I hope you'll bear with us, okay?
[SPEAKER_02]: And we have emails.
[SPEAKER_07]: Whatever you want to say.
[SPEAKER_07]: We love you all for being here, but I would ask you to just be succinct and get to the point type of thing, okay?
[SPEAKER_02]: We have nine emails, by the way.
[SPEAKER_07]: Are you fucking serious?
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh my God.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right, here we go.
[SPEAKER_07]: Did I joke?
[SPEAKER_07]: No, but I just, all right, here we go.
[SPEAKER_07]: We're going to get to our first caller.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hi there, you are on Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_07]: Who's this?
[SPEAKER_05]: You are muted, my friend.
[SPEAKER_05]: You gotta hit that mute button.
[SPEAKER_05]: It is so good to see you, though.
[SPEAKER_05]: I am still not hearing you.
[SPEAKER_07]: Nope, still don't hear you.
[SPEAKER_07]: So why do y'all do me a favor?
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm gonna put you, Zaku, I'm gonna put you back in the lobby so you can test with the people in there, and then I'm gonna get to the next call, and then we will...
[SPEAKER_02]: Real quick, I'm just going to read a message that came from Dan, which he won't come in here and say himself.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_02]: Congratulations, OLR, on a wonderful run.
[SPEAKER_02]: Good luck with whatever you decide to do with the future.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hearts.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, that's very kind.
[SPEAKER_07]: I appreciate that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thanks, Dan.
[SPEAKER_07]: Dan!
[SPEAKER_32]: Dan, I said thank you!
[SPEAKER_07]: And coffee.
[SPEAKER_32]: And coffee!
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's get to our next call.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hello, you are on Orange Lawns Radio.
[SPEAKER_07]: Who's this?
[SPEAKER_07]: I like vodka.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hi Grandpa, how are you?
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm doing special, how are you?
[SPEAKER_07]: I am doing fantastic.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm assuming you're not wearing pants and that's why you're not on cam tonight.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yes, and I feel and look like shit because I got really, really drunk yesterday and I didn't shower today.
[SPEAKER_00]: You have hangover boys.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_00]: and I have Hangover Voice and I've got a pussy on my lap.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, thank you for the presence that you sent.
[SPEAKER_07]: You're not SSJ100, Matt.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you for the presence that you sent.
[SPEAKER_07]: I do appreciate it, even if my doctor does not.
[SPEAKER_00]: Well, you know, it's all about moderation, Robbie Kins.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's about moderation.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, now I know what I'll bring to Friendsgiving.
[SPEAKER_00]: Honestly, that works too.
[SPEAKER_00]: I just wanted to call in and say I really like the show and I'm looking forward to next week's topics.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, I'm sorry to say, but we're passing away after tonight.
[SPEAKER_00]: What?
[SPEAKER_00]: You guys are so good.
[SPEAKER_00]: I think there's a niche for this type of podcast about video games.
[SPEAKER_00]: You guys should do this on a weekly basis and see what happens.
[SPEAKER_07]: You know what?
[SPEAKER_07]: That is a great idea.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I would point you to a podcast called GameBooey.org because they'll be live next week.
[SPEAKER_07]: Not live, but they'll have a show next week.
[SPEAKER_00]: Do you know of any Star Trek podcasts?
[SPEAKER_00]: I really like Star Trek.
[SPEAKER_07]: Not any good ones.
Yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: Okay, thank you for that.
[SPEAKER_00]: No, I just, look, I've told you Rob many times, even after you broke my heart all those years ago.
[SPEAKER_00]: I give you a lot of shit.
[SPEAKER_00]: I give you a lot of shit, and you deserve about three quarters of it, but I distinctly remember...
[SPEAKER_00]: It might have been a date we were on or whatever.
[SPEAKER_00]: He said, come on over to my house.
[SPEAKER_00]: I won't say the city.
[SPEAKER_00]: I do this thing called a podcast.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't live there anymore, to be fair.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's fair.
[SPEAKER_00]: It was in a garage.
[SPEAKER_00]: It wasn't insulated.
[SPEAKER_00]: I was cold.
[SPEAKER_00]: And you helped me start to really appreciate my own nerdiness that I was never proud to have.
[SPEAKER_00]: So thank you for like
[SPEAKER_00]: Help me motivate that.
[SPEAKER_00]: This is actually kind of fun.
[SPEAKER_00]: I think I could do this.
[SPEAKER_00]: I mean, look at Rob.
[SPEAKER_00]: If he can do it, anyone can do this, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: But
[SPEAKER_00]: I really appreciate that.
[SPEAKER_00]: And of course, I've told you and our groups of friends that I started dating you when I was emerging from the closet.
[SPEAKER_00]: You gave me a lot of confidence to come out and do all that too.
[SPEAKER_00]: So you're always in my heart for that.
[SPEAKER_00]: So I will be serious for once in front of your fans and your co-hosts.
[SPEAKER_00]: Jamie, you are a hoot.
[SPEAKER_00]: You make me laugh every single time, even when you're eating penis cookies.
[SPEAKER_00]: You are a hoot That was your fault That was my fault, I bought that, that's for sure We're never changing the shower Matt, I want to mention I think once or twice in person but you always have the deadpan straight man humor that I deeply appreciate because if I wasn't drunk on Horde House that actually would have been my type of sense of humor so thank you from one Matt to another for having that stalwart
[SPEAKER_00]: Even Kiel, just delivery.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I love it.
[SPEAKER_00]: So thank you for being consistent.
[SPEAKER_00]: But I'd like to announce preemptively before Rob hangs up on me.
[SPEAKER_00]: Horde House 2 The Second Coming is going to be happening.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's one of his unannounced projects.
[SPEAKER_00]: Not The Second Coming.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's one of his unannounced podcasts that's coming.
[SPEAKER_00]: So be on the lookout for that.
[SPEAKER_00]: and before I round out not to make it depressing or sad on a sad note but again all my best to you guys I do want to call out the Starboard Power Coupling podcast that the Starboard Power Coupling finally did fail but it did fail but I do want to call out a podcaster that's no longer with us from my show who lost his battle with cancer just a little over a year ago and I think it's worth noting there's a lot of good content creators a lot of good people out there that we've lost in the
[SPEAKER_00]: Rob on HordeHouse
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, may his memory be a blessing.
[SPEAKER_00]: Absolutely.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you for bringing that up.
[SPEAKER_07]: I absolutely want to give a shout out to Lieutenant Commander Eddie.
[SPEAKER_07]: And we have lost members of the O.L.
[SPEAKER_07]: Army, sadly, over these few years.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I'm afraid I would leave somebody out.
[SPEAKER_07]: And we've lost people.
[SPEAKER_07]: But yeah, we've lost people in our personal lives as well.
[SPEAKER_07]: So it's, yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you for bringing that up.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think that is important to show that, you know...
[SPEAKER_07]: There's a little piece of you in our hearts and I appreciate it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Even you, Grandpa.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thanks, bitch.
[SPEAKER_07]: I look forward to seeing you next week and we can party on the cruise and I'll bug you about when are you bringing back the Starboard Power Coupling podcast.
[SPEAKER_07]: But you know what?
[SPEAKER_07]: If you're doing Horde House The Second Coming, I think that's the fucking best name ever and I actually hope you do it.
[SPEAKER_07]: I hope that wasn't a joke.
[SPEAKER_00]: I still have my...
[SPEAKER_00]: My WoW characters.
[SPEAKER_00]: I think that's the end of the WoW account, so I can go right back.
[SPEAKER_00]: Do you remember my monk's name?
[SPEAKER_07]: It was probably racist.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_00]: It was racist.
[SPEAKER_00]: Then don't say it now.
[SPEAKER_00]: Don't say it now.
[SPEAKER_07]: No, I won't.
[SPEAKER_07]: Why don't you say goodnight, Rob, Jamie, and Matt.
[SPEAKER_07]: Goodnight.
[SPEAKER_00]: Goodnight, you amazing people.
[SPEAKER_00]: All the best to you.
[SPEAKER_00]: Congrats on 23 years and hearts and kisses, especially Robbie Kins.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, thanks, bitch.
[SPEAKER_07]: Goodnight.
[SPEAKER_29]: Bye, bitches!
[SPEAKER_29]: and 23 years of you being here with us.
[SPEAKER_29]: And again, like I said last week, I'm really thankful for you and for being part of my life for pretty much almost half my life.
[SPEAKER_29]: I'm 43 now.
[SPEAKER_29]: I recently turned 43.
[SPEAKER_29]: and you basically have been like half of my life here.
[SPEAKER_07]: So it's like- Half of our lives too.
[SPEAKER_07]: Half of our lives too.
[SPEAKER_07]: So yeah, it's, you know, and again, this was by no means an easy decision.
[SPEAKER_02]: A little less than half of mine, but yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: It was by no means an easy decision, but as difficult as it is, I know it's the right one in many ways.
[SPEAKER_07]: And, you know, we will continue to the future and whatever may be in store for us next.
[SPEAKER_29]: so well most of all I also and something you said earlier on the show it's that you inspired a lot of us to create our own stuff
[SPEAKER_29]: And again, I was talking about last week, mostly of my own podcast, GFM Cast, which sadly had to end.
[SPEAKER_29]: But there's also a lot of projects I worked on with you personally on OLR and also VOG, where I love that song.
[SPEAKER_29]: I also wrote game reviews, and I think I wrote one or two movie reviews, too.
[SPEAKER_29]: but yeah that's also a lot of things I worked on and who knows maybe I will work on something in the future I do have some ideas to get back to something like I love that music I love that song maybe in like shorts or in that short media form maybe love it
[SPEAKER_29]: but yeah, I'm gonna see if I can work something out and how I can work it out you introduced me to Aurelio Voltaire before I got to introduce him twice on stage here in Sacramento I actually found out about his music through your articles so it's funny how the world works sometimes yeah, definitely it's like really how that works, like really funny how all that works in some ways but
[SPEAKER_29]: But yeah, again, I want to work on something like that to promote or at least make things that maybe people haven't heard or haven't noticed and bring it up to light so everyone can enjoy.
[SPEAKER_29]: So yeah.
[SPEAKER_29]: But again, I'm thankful.
[SPEAKER_29]: And again, it's not a goodbye.
[SPEAKER_29]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_29]: It's not, yeah, it's not, oh, this is all ending.
[SPEAKER_29]: We're going to see each other in blue sky or discord or whatever.
[SPEAKER_29]: And it's like not the end.
[SPEAKER_29]: But again, it is going to be like weird, at least for a while, to not have all our on Sundays.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, you never know what the future might have in store.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I would say, I look forward to collaborating with you on future stuff and still having you in the VOG family.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm thankful for that too.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Take care, Deft.
[SPEAKER_07]: Until next time.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you so much for the call.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Bye, buddy.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thanks.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right, let's get to our next call.
[SPEAKER_07]: We're going to try going back to the first person that called in and see if the audio is... Hi, you're on Orange Isles Radio.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's try this again.
[SPEAKER_07]: We got you loud and clear.
[SPEAKER_07]: Who is this?
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hey.
[SPEAKER_07]: What's up?
[SPEAKER_24]: All right, hopefully this time it works, yeah?
[SPEAKER_24]: It does, long time.
[SPEAKER_24]: What's on your mind, buddy?
[SPEAKER_24]: Yeah, I know, it's been 20, well, for me it's been like, what, since 2004, so it's like, what, hey, I'm already old enough to drink since I first heard you guys.
[SPEAKER_07]: Exactly what I'm doing right now.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, I know, our show's old enough to drink.
[SPEAKER_07]: That makes two of us.
[SPEAKER_07]: Our show's old enough to rent a car.
[SPEAKER_24]: But yeah, it's like a lot...
[SPEAKER_24]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_07]: Yes, that's what age does.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh my god, I just remember the Skype days when it was like jet black, but you know what, my hair used to be bright red, so yeah.
[SPEAKER_24]: Yeah, now it's like, yeah, that's what happens when you age, you know?
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm an eternal redhead.
[SPEAKER_02]: Thank you, L'Oreal.
[SPEAKER_07]: I gotta keep the call short tonight because we have a lot of people to get through, Zaku, but is there anything, well, what do you want to say here on the final show?
[SPEAKER_24]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_24]: You've definitely, I mean, the fact that you have the Guinness World Record in there.
[SPEAKER_24]: And the fact that you probably could hold on to that until some other show decides to do more than 23 years.
[SPEAKER_07]: I have a feeling there's another show that cannot wait to claim that title, but it's fine.
[SPEAKER_07]: You know what?
[SPEAKER_07]: Because there's a lot of hardworking indie podcasters out there, and it's all good.
[SPEAKER_07]: But at this point in time, it was us.
[SPEAKER_07]: And we did something nobody else did at this point in time.
[SPEAKER_07]: And, you know...
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: as well.
[SPEAKER_07]: It goes both ways.
[SPEAKER_24]: I wouldn't have known Ranma S, Adam.
[SPEAKER_24]: I wouldn't have known him without you guys.
[SPEAKER_07]: Neither would I. He's the best guy.
[SPEAKER_24]: Yeah, I know.
[SPEAKER_24]: He's a close friend of mine.
[SPEAKER_24]: Going from the DDR days to still kind of playing.
[SPEAKER_24]: Every now and then, a lot of my friends still play heavily.
[SPEAKER_24]: They're all in the tournament scene.
[SPEAKER_24]: A lot of the friends that I made through that, through OLR, that kind of did help me get through college and beyond.
[SPEAKER_24]: and now looking back at things you definitely did a good run 23 years at least you're not the Simpsons which is going to push 40 at some point you finally got out Ranma says he's going to be your best man at upcoming wedding, that's incredible I'm going to do podcasts until I'm 100 yes, that is happening in the next less than a year and a half from now in the Bronx Zoo so
[SPEAKER_24]: I have to shell out 40, you know, it's a 40 grand expense, but...
[SPEAKER_24]: Yeah, for a zoo wedding.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hey, it's going to be beautiful and memorable.
[SPEAKER_07]: Zaku, thank you so much for being here and tonight.
[SPEAKER_07]: And thank you for the impact you've had on the show over the years.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's always been your calls have been a highlight of the show for quite some time.
[SPEAKER_07]: And even if we haven't heard him in a while, but I just, yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: I came back for this.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, I appreciate it.
[SPEAKER_07]: And thank you for spending your time with us.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you for choosing to hang out with us.
[SPEAKER_07]: We appreciate it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: Mazel tov on your upcoming wedding.
[SPEAKER_24]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_24]: Congratulations.
[SPEAKER_07]: Good luck.
[SPEAKER_24]: And hang in a hundred years.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Take care, buddy.
[SPEAKER_07]: Bye.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's get to our next call.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hello.
[SPEAKER_07]: You are on Orange Haunts Radio.
[SPEAKER_07]: Who's this?
[SPEAKER_03]: I don't know, it's some blind guy or something.
[SPEAKER_03]: Sterlok, yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: Sterlok, it is so good to hear from you.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I finally got to meet you recently.
[SPEAKER_02]: My fellow Death Star drinker.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yes, I hope they have it next time we go.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm sad that Rob didn't get to try the Death Star.
[SPEAKER_03]: I know, you would have liked it.
[SPEAKER_03]: It was good.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, what's on your mind tonight, buddy?
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, just, man, just...
[SPEAKER_03]: I guess really just to reflect on the show and how long I've been a part of it.
[SPEAKER_03]: I started back in around 2006, 2007 through All Games, which I found out about, I mentioned this last year, through my friend Brandon, who unfortunately passed away last year, but he was a fellow blind gamer like me.
[SPEAKER_03]: And he got on the show, and I was like, whoa, an entire radio network for video games?
[SPEAKER_03]: Sure, yeah, I'll listen to the other shows here.
[SPEAKER_03]: I became a fan of Bobby and you guys in particular.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, it's been great to have you here, Sherlock, and I really appreciate your perspective as well.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hearing from somebody who is such a fan of video games but also has to deal with being blind, being differently abled than other folks, and how you kind of see your way through video games.
[SPEAKER_07]: Sorry, I realize that's an ironic statement.
[SPEAKER_07]: I do it all the time, so don't worry about it.
[SPEAKER_07]: but you know I just I really appreciate that perspective because it also really emphasizes the importance of accessibility in games and that's a topic that we've heard about more and more in the last 10 years and I really I really feel like that's like so like something that you've been able to champion here on this show and help use this platform to do that and so I just yeah I really appreciate what you've been able to do for that and I'd like to think you have again you're gonna really need to forgive the pun open people's eyes to this
[SPEAKER_07]: I know you would laugh at it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Not everybody would.
[SPEAKER_07]: I know you'll laugh at it.
[SPEAKER_07]: But to the different perspectives, I really, really appreciate it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Sterlux played DBD with me.
[SPEAKER_07]: I have.
[SPEAKER_07]: I got to a generator.
[SPEAKER_02]: And did a skill check.
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh, that's right.
[SPEAKER_03]: He did.
[SPEAKER_03]: Did I pass the skill check?
[SPEAKER_03]: I think I did.
[SPEAKER_02]: You passed the skill check, but then you got grabbed.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: We're going to have to do that again.
[SPEAKER_03]: No, it's been amazing because, like, I mean –
[SPEAKER_03]: I never thought Jamie and I would become as good friends as we are, you know?
[SPEAKER_03]: Because, you know, you listen to a podcast and you're like, yeah, whatever, you know?
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm never going to meet these people.
[SPEAKER_03]: No, Jamie and I are like super good friends.
[SPEAKER_03]: We've met each other twice now and we're going to meet a third time here in a few weeks.
[SPEAKER_07]: I have many great friends because of OLR.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I kind of go back to what I said to Zaku is that you all impact us.
[SPEAKER_07]: It is – and I have some of this – my final thoughts are like 15 minutes long.
[SPEAKER_07]: But there's a piece in there that talks about that –
[SPEAKER_03]: S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_03]: Especially really in the AI space of all things.
[SPEAKER_03]: AI has actually given us, thanks to the modding scene, some accessible experiences.
[SPEAKER_03]: Interesting.
[SPEAKER_03]: Many of them this year alone.
[SPEAKER_03]: Hades 2.
[SPEAKER_03]: We've had Hades 1 accessible for quite some time now.
[SPEAKER_03]: Disco Elysium.
[SPEAKER_07]: Terraria and the big ones for me especially Final Fantasy 6 and 9 which are both ongoing but you still need to stream those I do I do need to stream them yes and DarkSakura you said it in chat this is what assistive AI is good for yeah AI isn't necessarily evil and I think a lot of us you know in a certain realm politically need to need to really push back some of the perceptions that all AI is bad
[SPEAKER_07]: I do understand the environmental impact and such.
[SPEAKER_02]: People think in absolutes.
[SPEAKER_07]: Exactly.
[SPEAKER_07]: And again, I've said this over and over and I still feel this way.
[SPEAKER_07]: AI is a tool, not a replacement tool.
[SPEAKER_07]: Especially when it comes to art.
[SPEAKER_07]: AI is not a replacement for art, but AI can be a tool.
[SPEAKER_07]: And if that tool is helping folks with accessibility and helping, I think there can be a good thing in that space.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I'm thankful for AI and where technology is going.
[SPEAKER_03]: I couldn't imagine even a year ago, if I had told Brandon, hey man, in a year we're going to be playing...
[SPEAKER_03]: Two Final Fantasy games.
[SPEAKER_03]: He would have been like, what?
[SPEAKER_03]: And he was even more of a champion for accessibility than I was.
[SPEAKER_03]: So he lived it.
[SPEAKER_03]: That was his job for years.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's pretty crazy.
[SPEAKER_07]: I gotta let you go to get to these other calls, but I appreciate your perspective so much.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I hope you have a great whatever the future holds for you.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I know I'll see you again.
[SPEAKER_07]: See you soon!
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, absolutely.
[SPEAKER_07]: See you soon.
[SPEAKER_07]: I can't wait.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Take care.
[SPEAKER_07]: You too.
[SPEAKER_07]: Bye-bye.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's get to our next call.
[SPEAKER_05]: Hello.
[SPEAKER_05]: You are on Orange Launch Radio.
[SPEAKER_05]: Who's this?
[SPEAKER_17]: That's a... Hello.
[SPEAKER_12]: Hey, how's it going?
[SPEAKER_12]: It's Fantaz.
[SPEAKER_07]: Fantaz.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hi.
[SPEAKER_07]: What's up, buddy?
[SPEAKER_12]: Greetings from Canada.
[SPEAKER_12]: First time calling in.
[SPEAKER_12]: Well, what a night.
[SPEAKER_12]: I call in...
[SPEAKER_12]: Where in Canada?
[SPEAKER_12]: Toronto.
[SPEAKER_07]: I have some sister friends in Toronto.
[SPEAKER_07]: I've never been to Toronto, but my husband has and he wants to go back.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I think we will sometime.
[SPEAKER_23]: That's audio from my phone.
[SPEAKER_23]: I'm just figuring that out.
[SPEAKER_23]: And I'm getting echoes from my headphones.
[SPEAKER_23]: I used to watch you guys a lot I found out on Rob's Instagram that OLR was ended so I popped in here
[SPEAKER_23]: I used to watch you guys a lot back in the All Games days with the other shows on there but not at all recently like all the way back to 98 or something like that like I started when I was really really young and it's pretty wild how you guys won the Guinness record for the longest running English video game podcast and like screw those other guys
[SPEAKER_23]: I'm really tired.
[SPEAKER_23]: I went on a two-day bender Friday, Saturday, so I look like shit.
[SPEAKER_23]: Turn off my webcam.
[SPEAKER_07]: You're fine.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, hey, I appreciate your first call being in on such a monumentous episode, and I appreciate those types of memories back to all games.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, that was an important part of our growth in that collaboration.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hello back at you.
[SPEAKER_07]: Anything else you want to share with the audience before we let you go tonight?
[SPEAKER_23]: Alright, yeah.
[SPEAKER_23]: I didn't prepare at all, so I wasn't sure what to say.
[SPEAKER_23]: I'm just really another video game tech fan on the internet.
[SPEAKER_23]: We've been around a long time, so just pop and say hi.
[SPEAKER_23]: You've really been a big inspiration to me.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_07]: That really does mean a lot.
[SPEAKER_07]: And thank you for taking the time to call in tonight.
[SPEAKER_07]: And thank you for coming back after, you know, we understand not everybody can stay with us for 23 years consistently.
[SPEAKER_07]: So thank you for coming back to say hello.
[SPEAKER_07]: But with that, I'm going to put you in the sobriety tank with Grandpa, okay?
[SPEAKER_02]: You mean I could have taken a break?
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Take care, buddy.
[SPEAKER_07]: Take care.
[SPEAKER_07]: Come to Canada.
[SPEAKER_07]: I will.
[SPEAKER_07]: Come try a poutine.
[SPEAKER_07]: Stay tuned to my Instagram.
[SPEAKER_07]: I will.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Take care, buddy.
[SPEAKER_07]: Absolutely.
[SPEAKER_07]: Bye.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Love that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's go to our next caller.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hi, you're on Orange Sounds Radio.
[SPEAKER_07]: Who's this?
[SPEAKER_14]: Hey, this is Brad from PodCulture.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, hello, Brad from PodCulture.
[SPEAKER_14]: How you doing?
[SPEAKER_32]: Hi, Brad.
[SPEAKER_14]: I'm on Discord and I kind of know how to use it.
[SPEAKER_07]: I know you were so pissed when we left Skype, but joke's on you, Skype's done now.
[SPEAKER_07]: There is no Skype.
[SPEAKER_14]: I get used to my routines and I just hate changing them.
[SPEAKER_07]: I get it.
[SPEAKER_07]: That part.
[SPEAKER_07]: But sometimes we have to force ourselves to change a little bit.
[SPEAKER_07]: And so it is what it is.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yes, Slaggy, Skype did finally die.
[SPEAKER_32]: Oh my god, you're wearing this shirt!
[SPEAKER_07]: Hold on, and I'm gonna fix the camera thing here to get this to work right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, you're wearing one of DarkSakura's streaming shirts.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's really cute.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh yeah, how about it?
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, I love it.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm so proud of those two.
[SPEAKER_02]: Thank you for modeling my neon Sakura shirt.
[SPEAKER_14]: It actually looks like a nice quality.
[SPEAKER_14]: It is, but if you want to order one, order up a size or two.
[SPEAKER_14]: It runs a little small.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay, good to know.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, what did you want to talk about here at the end?
[SPEAKER_07]: Anything on your mind tonight?
[SPEAKER_14]: No, I just wanted to call and say thanks for 20-odd years of
[SPEAKER_14]: Sunday Night Entertainment you're welcome if it hadn't been for you guys I wouldn't have done my show so thank you
[SPEAKER_14]: Well, I was going to raise a toast, but I got a little nervous, so never mind on that.
[SPEAKER_14]: You drank it.
[SPEAKER_14]: It's okay.
[SPEAKER_07]: You know what we'll do.
[SPEAKER_07]: There, that's all right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, that was what was left.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know if Ranma's planning on jumping in at some time, but I'm sure he'd say something along the line.
[SPEAKER_07]: Here's to you.
[SPEAKER_07]: Here's to me.
[SPEAKER_07]: Best of friends will always be.
[SPEAKER_07]: But if we should ever disagree.
[SPEAKER_14]: Fuck you and here's to me
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, Brad, I know this is not the end of our collaboration, and I will sue you again in the future.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's all I'm going to say about that.
[SPEAKER_07]: But thank you.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you for being along for the ride.
[SPEAKER_07]: You've been here for a very long time, and I appreciate getting to meet you at DragonCon a couple of times, and I'm sure I will see you again in the future.
[SPEAKER_07]: All righty.
[SPEAKER_14]: Well, you guys have a good show.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: You too.
[SPEAKER_07]: Take care, buddy.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Bye-bye.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, let's get to our next call.
[SPEAKER_07]: We have a few more to get through here.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hi, but I'm loving hearing from all these people.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
[SPEAKER_07]: Who's this?
[SPEAKER_07]: Hey, you gotta mute on Discord.
[SPEAKER_19]: Hi, this is Orange Right.
[SPEAKER_19]: Hey, Orange Right!
[SPEAKER_19]: I guess everyone has that problem, I guess.
[SPEAKER_19]: It's been a while since I've done this kind of Discord call.
[SPEAKER_07]: We go like six months with no Discord calls, and then everybody wants to call in the same night for one reason, so everybody's testing it now.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, I know.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's fine, it's fine.
[SPEAKER_19]: What's up, buddy?
[SPEAKER_19]: So, I just wanted to say congratulations on such a great run.
[SPEAKER_19]: I couldn't even believe how long I've been listening.
[SPEAKER_19]: The first time I realized how long I was listening was when I was editing the listless page on the Orange Lounge Radio Wiki.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you for the work on the Wiki, by the way.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you, thank you.
[SPEAKER_19]: Thank you very much.
[SPEAKER_19]: You're welcome.
[SPEAKER_19]: I'm already messing up already.
[SPEAKER_19]: So, I was editing the list lists on the wiki page, and one of the ones I remembered listening to was the worst song in DDR that has not let them move.
[SPEAKER_19]: And I didn't know what it was, but I knew that was one of them.
[SPEAKER_19]: So I put that in, I put number signs, question mark, question mark, question mark.
[SPEAKER_19]: Turned out to be episode four.
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know
[SPEAKER_07]: Let me check.
[SPEAKER_07]: I mean, to be fair, that was also early on in DDR's history, so the answer maybe has changed.
[SPEAKER_19]: That's probably plenty of songs that are worse than Let Them Move Now.
[SPEAKER_07]: God, yeah, there's plenty of songs that are pretty bad now at this point, but...
[SPEAKER_07]: Immortal King thinks it was Bye Bye Baby Balloon.
[SPEAKER_07]: We used to razz the hell out of that song.
[SPEAKER_10]: Well, all of their... Get a new song!
[SPEAKER_07]: Get a new song, bitch!
[SPEAKER_19]: So, number three, Let the Beat Hit Him by Stone Bros.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, that is a bad song.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_19]: Two, Beul by Team, which is a song from... Oh, God!
[SPEAKER_07]: That's a deep cut.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay, that's a... No, but that's a third mix Korean.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_19]: Yeah, and number one was that guy got it correct.
[SPEAKER_19]: Bye Bye Baby Balloon by Joga.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, but Mortal King gets this gold star.
[SPEAKER_07]: There it is.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Bye Bye Baby Balloon.
[SPEAKER_07]: I love that.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Orange, anything else you want to say?
[SPEAKER_07]: And thank you again for all your work on the wiki behind the scenes.
[SPEAKER_07]: Appreciate it.
[SPEAKER_07]: And it's the part of the show with this and the archive.
[SPEAKER_07]: The show isn't being deleted.
[SPEAKER_07]: So there's still lots of stuff to do.
[SPEAKER_07]: As you and Matt, I think, put on social media, there is more hours of this show than Saturday Night Live.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think was the stat that he pulled somewhere.
[SPEAKER_07]: Isn't that wild?
[SPEAKER_07]: I know.
[SPEAKER_19]: So I guess I guess like, yeah, well, how long is I don't even know how long on top of my head, I guess.
[SPEAKER_07]: 90 minutes.
[SPEAKER_07]: So and a lot of episodes of this show have been three hours, especially in the early days was three hours, maybe more recently, two hours.
[SPEAKER_07]: But yeah, still a lot.
[SPEAKER_07]: So.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Anything else, Orange, right before I let you go?
[SPEAKER_19]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_07]: Now, thank you for being a part of my Sunday nights.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, thank you for being here.
[SPEAKER_07]: You've always had very insightful chat comments, and I really appreciate it.
[SPEAKER_07]: And best of luck with your streaming.
[SPEAKER_07]: I know you're a streamer, and I just want to wish you the best of luck with all that in the future.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, thank you.
[SPEAKER_07]: You are most welcome.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right, take care, my friend.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right, bye.
[SPEAKER_07]: Bye.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right, I totally forgot to pull somebody into the You Are Next room, so this person is going to get caught a little off guard probably, but let's get to it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hi, you are on Orange Launch Radio.
[SPEAKER_17]: Who's this?
[SPEAKER_17]: There we go.
[SPEAKER_17]: Hi, I can.
[SPEAKER_17]: Hi, who is this?
[SPEAKER_09]: Hi, this is Garth the Wolf.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hey, Garth Wolf, how are you?
[SPEAKER_09]: Pretty good.
[SPEAKER_09]: I just wanted to call in and say I had Raising Cane's last night and it was delicious.
[SPEAKER_09]: Thank you very much.
[SPEAKER_09]: Fuck off.
[SPEAKER_16]: I don't give a shit.
[SPEAKER_09]: All right.
[SPEAKER_09]: I'm happy for you.
[SPEAKER_09]: No, no, no.
[SPEAKER_09]: On a real note, I just want to say thank you guys for the years and years of this show.
[SPEAKER_09]: I've been listening since I discovered back on DDR Freak.
[SPEAKER_09]: I saw a vivid post by Sky, and I see the flashing photo.
[SPEAKER_09]: I'm like, ooh, they're important.
[SPEAKER_09]: So I'm like, what's this show?
[SPEAKER_09]: And then...
[SPEAKER_07]: Ooh, they're important.
[SPEAKER_07]: No, I just, I guess the official determination was because we had new DDR songs that we were playing on show.
[SPEAKER_07]: Now we were officially tied to it.
[SPEAKER_07]: And that's why I got a vivid foot.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura was a mod.
[SPEAKER_07]: She had a green foot.
[SPEAKER_02]: I was a mod.
[SPEAKER_07]: I do remember seeing that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: I did a couple of very controversial bands too.
[SPEAKER_09]: Spicy.
[SPEAKER_07]: Garth, how old were you when you started listening to OLR?
[SPEAKER_07]: I swear to God, you were like 17 years old when you started listening to this show, and now I'm looking at you and I'm like...
[SPEAKER_07]: That's a man!
[SPEAKER_07]: Like, that's... You're not... You were, like, 17, and now you're, like, all grown up.
[SPEAKER_07]: My God.
[SPEAKER_07]: Which tracks.
[SPEAKER_07]: You should be... You should be in your late 30s at this point.
[SPEAKER_07]: Right?
[SPEAKER_07]: Mid-30s?
[SPEAKER_09]: It might have been middle school.
[SPEAKER_07]: Jesus Christ.
[SPEAKER_07]: So, no, you're... Because, yeah, I was like, wait, you're, like, low to mid-30s, but you've been listening for, like, 20 years.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_09]: Oh, my God.
[SPEAKER_09]: No, it's been a minute, but I've... I've really enjoyed it.
[SPEAKER_09]: I was one of the...
[SPEAKER_09]: Thank you for being here all these years.
[SPEAKER_07]: I really appreciate it.
[SPEAKER_07]: There is no greater compliment than something like that.
[SPEAKER_07]: So you're welcome.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I'm so happy to see you thriving and still here for this last episode and coming into your own in so many ways.
[SPEAKER_07]: You've taught me a lot about, you know, certain communities and things that you hang out with and have come on shows and stuff.
[SPEAKER_07]: And oh, I got the I got the please hold sign.
[SPEAKER_07]: And there it is a new furry mask there.
[SPEAKER_07]: Is that your latest outfit?
[SPEAKER_07]: I love it.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah, this is my main character, Garth.
[SPEAKER_09]: Resident furry here.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, I'm sure this isn't the first time you've heard this, but party on, Garth.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thanks.
[SPEAKER_02]: Garth, you've seen what's happened to me about my VTuber.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, I mean... My inner ferret has emerged and is about to become a possum.
[SPEAKER_09]: Really?
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, I think I'm leaning toward the possum end of the force.
[SPEAKER_09]: Hey, that's fun.
[SPEAKER_09]: I go on walks throughout my neighborhood at night and I see them running around.
[SPEAKER_02]: Just because if you back me into a corner, I'll hiss too.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah.
Yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: Garth, before I let you go, SP Azura is wondering, is that the Secret Labs Final Fantasy chair?
[SPEAKER_07]: And I think I clocked that too.
[SPEAKER_09]: Oh, yeah.
[SPEAKER_09]: It sure is.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh my gosh, you nerd.
[SPEAKER_07]: Wow, that looks really good.
[SPEAKER_07]: I could not resist it.
[SPEAKER_09]: I needed a better chair for the longest time, and then I saw that.
[SPEAKER_07]: No.
[SPEAKER_07]: Justified.
[SPEAKER_07]: Absolutely justified.
[SPEAKER_07]: Love that.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's comfortable.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right, Garth, any other final thoughts before we let you go?
[SPEAKER_07]: uh just looking forward to everything that's next and whenever Kylie releases new tracks I know I can look to your blue sky and get that there 100% Kylie's a goddess there's a Christmas thing I think right now so uh I saw that yeah there's only one woman above Kylie and that is Stevie Nicks all right true true all right take care guys have a good one you too bye
[SPEAKER_07]: All right, let's bring on, we have a few more calls left.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's get to it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
[SPEAKER_07]: Who's this?
[SPEAKER_07]: Hey, you're muted.
[SPEAKER_07]: God damn it, people.
[SPEAKER_07]: Just assume when you get brought into this channel, I think you're getting muted by default.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think that's what happens.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think Discord is muting you.
[SPEAKER_07]: What's up, buddy?
[SPEAKER_07]: Still not hearing you.
[SPEAKER_07]: Is your headset on?
[SPEAKER_07]: um yeah for some reason it's not coming through check your discord all right okay I'm gonna bring you back buddy you know where you're going you're going back to the bin and then I'm gonna bring you back all right we'll get uh them on air in a little bit all right um well shoot the person I was gonna drag um into you are next I think disappeared so we're gonna get to this call hello you are on orange launch radio who's this
[SPEAKER_07]: Hi!
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh my god, a working microphone.
[SPEAKER_04]: Hi!
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, oh my gosh.
[SPEAKER_04]: So I'm not good at being concise.
[SPEAKER_04]: I know Captain Spike's listening.
[SPEAKER_04]: He can attest to that.
[SPEAKER_04]: As can I, to be honest.
[SPEAKER_04]: I've got Mr. Timer ready, so I'm going to try to keep this short.
[SPEAKER_04]: I really just want to congratulate all of you for your legendary run.
[SPEAKER_04]: Obviously, you've inspired many people, including myself, but really, nobody else does it like you, and I don't think anyone else ever will.
[SPEAKER_04]: There's never going to be another OLR, and there shouldn't be, because...
[SPEAKER_04]: No one's ever gonna compare to you.
[SPEAKER_04]: I feel really lucky that I actually got to come to LLR Studios a couple times and be a part of the LLR legacy.
[SPEAKER_04]: All I can say is that it's really incredible what you all have done.
[SPEAKER_04]: Unless you're going to pull a share and this is not really a farewell tour, you're going to be greatly missed.
[SPEAKER_04]: But I'm glad that you're going out on a high note and you're all going on to great things.
[SPEAKER_04]: So thank you for the memories and letting me be a part of it and all the LL Army.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I look forward to your next ventures.
[SPEAKER_07]: Holy shit, that was pretty concise.
[SPEAKER_07]: Good job.
[SPEAKER_07]: No, we appreciate you.
[SPEAKER_07]: We appreciate you so much, Slykick.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I'm so happy that GameBooey.org is back.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm so happy for you and Spike.
[SPEAKER_07]: And it's just such a good and well-informed show.
[SPEAKER_07]: So thank you for being here and thank you for joining us on this journey at VOG Network.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you for being on panels.
[SPEAKER_07]: that represent gamers and podcasting.
[SPEAKER_07]: Because as you heard in the last call, and I'm sure you've heard in your experiences as well, it's important for us to be visible because we touch people sometimes in ways that we don't expect by being visible.
[SPEAKER_02]: Or the way that they don't expect.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: 100%.
[SPEAKER_07]: So, yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thanks to you for being along for this ride.
[SPEAKER_07]: Really appreciate you sliding.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, thank you.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I just have to point out, I was already super gay when I met you, but you taught me to be fabulous, Rob, so thank you.
[SPEAKER_07]: You're welcome.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, I know you got other people waiting, so thank you for having me on your last show, and I guess I'll just say... Wait, wait, since my co-host won't do this, can I promote your show and have you echo it back the way you would do with Spike, just this one time?
[SPEAKER_07]: Of course!
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, I hope you will all tune into the GameBooey.org video game podcast.
[SPEAKER_07]: GameBooey.org video game podcast.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_07]: I've always wanted somebody to echo me, just like you, Echo Spike.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, thank you.
[SPEAKER_04]: Aw, thank you.
[SPEAKER_04]: Alright, I hope everybody will listen.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'll echo you anytime, and I guess all I can say is, bye-bye, Baby Balloon!
[SPEAKER_07]: Bye-bye, Baby Balloon!
[SPEAKER_07]: Bye bye baby balloon Oh my god, I'm screaming Alright, let's get to our next call Hi, you are on, oh, they said, oh no, there we go Hi, you're on Orange, sorry, my list just changed right there Hi, you're on Orange Orange Radio, who's this?
[SPEAKER_07]: Somebody who has to hit that mute button on Discord Hopefully What is a man?
[SPEAKER_28]: I had it.
[SPEAKER_32]: Hi!
[SPEAKER_28]: How are you?
[SPEAKER_32]: Oh my god.
[SPEAKER_32]: Holy shit.
[SPEAKER_28]: Hi.
[SPEAKER_28]: Oh, I'm up here.
[SPEAKER_28]: God, you look so familiar.
[SPEAKER_07]: Where have I seen you before?
[SPEAKER_28]: My goodness.
[SPEAKER_28]: I've met two of these people in person before.
[SPEAKER_28]: One of them remembers me, I'm sure.
[SPEAKER_02]: Absolutely.
[SPEAKER_28]: Yeah, so, yeah, I wasn't planning to call in until about five minutes ago.
[SPEAKER_28]: I'm glad you did.
[SPEAKER_28]: Yeah, it's a long-time listener, first-time caller.
[SPEAKER_28]: Looking forward to more.
[SPEAKER_28]: Yeah, I wanted to call in and join the chorus of gratitude, as I mentioned in chat, for such a wonderful show that you guys have brought to us incessantly for decades now.
[SPEAKER_28]: I remember...
[SPEAKER_28]: Working at the Apple Store back in the mid-2000s and driving to work listening to you guys every day back in the early podcast days because we were slinging podcasts, you know?
[SPEAKER_28]: It was a big thing.
[SPEAKER_28]: It was a big deal.
[SPEAKER_28]: So I recommended you guys a lot.
[SPEAKER_28]: So hopefully got you guys a few extra listeners.
[SPEAKER_28]: Yeah, I've met a couple of you.
[SPEAKER_28]: Loki, I don't think I ever got the chance to meet you in person, unfortunately.
[SPEAKER_28]: But I feel like I know you, having listened to you for so long.
[SPEAKER_28]: You seem like an old friend.
[SPEAKER_28]: And Rob, obviously, you and I keep in touch once in a while.
[SPEAKER_28]: Anyway...
[SPEAKER_07]: God, but looking at you now, and I'm having this reaction all night as I'm seeing people that I haven't seen in some time, you are a literal dad now.
[SPEAKER_28]: I was laying in bed, putting my son to bed, and I was like, I'm thinking about calling into this.
[SPEAKER_28]: And Carissa, my wife, was like, she was like, just go do it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Please tell Carissa I said hi.
[SPEAKER_07]: She's such a perfect cinnamon roll.
[SPEAKER_28]: I will, and she has a message for you that I'm going to save until the very end.
[SPEAKER_28]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_28]: and I but I just I remember when you were like 18 like this is just it always blows my fucking mind anyway I messaged you I was digging through some old files I found a uh an email that a letter that I emailed into you guys during that first or second year that I was listening to you and I sent it to you and you're like dude what the hell this is crazy this is like 20 years ago so uh yeah it's it's been a long time like you guys have been a major part of my life um
[SPEAKER_28]: But I did want to contribute something.
[SPEAKER_28]: I have just a fun little exercise real quick.
[SPEAKER_28]: I've been getting really into retro handhelds.
[SPEAKER_28]: You know, your Anberniks, your MIUs for the people who are aware of these things.
[SPEAKER_28]: and I got one, one of the little clamshell ones reminiscent of the GBASP.
[SPEAKER_28]: I got one and I put it together.
[SPEAKER_28]: I curated a list of games for my son and I gave it to him for his fourth birthday.
[SPEAKER_28]: He's five now and he loves it.
[SPEAKER_28]: He plays it all the time.
[SPEAKER_28]: I wanted to ask if there's one game each of you could contribute from any era of gaming history to this five-year-old's gaming handheld, what would it be?
[SPEAKER_28]: Holy moly.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, there's that part of me that's always going to go, the Guardian legend is like a must.
[SPEAKER_07]: Not for a five-year-old.
[SPEAKER_07]: You have to be able to read a little bit to play that game because there's all the hints in there.
[SPEAKER_28]: I'm enticing him to get better at learning how to read by telling him he can start his own Pokemon.
[SPEAKER_28]: He can start his Pokemon adventure once he learns how to read.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's a good one.
[SPEAKER_07]: A classic game that would be great for a child.
[SPEAKER_07]: I really have to noodle on this one a minute.
[SPEAKER_28]: And tell you what, it doesn't need to be limited to a five-year-old.
[SPEAKER_28]: Feel free to tell me, hold this one until he's 10.
[SPEAKER_28]: Hold this one until he's 15.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, definitely hold Guardian Legend until he's like 10 or 11.
[SPEAKER_02]: And Gunstar Heroes.
[SPEAKER_07]: You have children, Loki.
[SPEAKER_07]: You've been faced with this question before, I'm sure.
[SPEAKER_07]: You should start.
[SPEAKER_13]: I mean, it just depends on how comfortable the games they are.
[SPEAKER_13]: He's very comfortable with games.
[SPEAKER_13]: Okay, okay.
[SPEAKER_13]: Uh...
[SPEAKER_28]: I have what I want to suggest actually anything that's just like a classic good game like a Super Mario RPG yeah we're getting bigger Mario's your Sonic's all that he's working his way through Astro Bot he beat Astro's Playroom and he's about two thirds of the way through Astro Bot so yeah he's got the fundamentals and yeah we're starting to work on some of those more classic 2D reflex based type things wow yeah anything like that would be good cause like I know like with my kids they tend to like now
[SPEAKER_13]: I would say Fantasy Zone, but it might be a little frustrating for the boss fights.
[SPEAKER_28]: I remember that's something that we're working on with him is making sure he knows that games can be frustrating and knows that he knows that he can step away if he starts to feel that way so it might be a good exercise when my little sister was much younger we would play Dr. Mario together and she'd get mad when I went
[SPEAKER_02]: um and then uh when my my bestie Becky when her son would come over he was maybe eight or nine or so Dan sat with him and they played through um the D&D game that was in the Saturn collection um why can't I remember which one it is um I'd love to just come in and be like oh yeah yeah but yeah and Golden Axe the Duel and I mean there's stuff like that
[SPEAKER_28]: Yeah, cool.
[SPEAKER_28]: Lots of great recommendations.
[SPEAKER_28]: Lots of classics.
[SPEAKER_28]: We've got a lot of gaming history to get through.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm going to lean towards the music.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was Tower of Doom.
[SPEAKER_02]: That was it.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm going to lean towards the music games, of course, and I'm going to say it might be he might be a little young because this game can be incredibly frustrating.
[SPEAKER_07]: But I just think if I were a kid, I would have been obsessed with Parappa the Rapper.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think should be or I'm going to send you a picture of his Halloween costume.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, my God.
[SPEAKER_28]: OK, OK, OK.
[SPEAKER_28]: My and my wife's accompanying.
[SPEAKER_28]: I should tell you what, I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll message you after the show.
[SPEAKER_07]: but along those lines, think about the Dreamcast classics like Space Channel 5, 1 and 2 that I think would also be really good and really, you know, bright and stuff.
[SPEAKER_07]: And then that leads me to a game like Crazy Taxi because I'm thinking about, I was thinking about games that have a great loop.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I think, especially at that age, you need things that sort of like hit and they have a quick loop.
[SPEAKER_07]: Like, cause I think I grew up on a lot of Atari 2600 games and most of those were just really, you know, basic loops.
[SPEAKER_07]: Like I think a game like Kaboom
[SPEAKER_07]: as simple as that game is with the paddle, that can be very entertaining.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think when it has just a very quick hit sort of, you know, dopamine hit loop that you don't have the time to get frustrated because by the time you get frustrated, you're already starting over.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I would really lean into that classic library and think about like your pitfalls of the past and those sorts of-
[SPEAKER_28]: You said Crazy Taxi, and that's a great recommendation.
[SPEAKER_28]: That's something I'm going to bookmark because I love that game.
[SPEAKER_28]: That's the ultimate distillation of Sega at the peak of their arcade to home console peak.
[SPEAKER_28]: They just, oh man, they nailed that one.
[SPEAKER_02]: If only we had gotten Planet Harriers.
[SPEAKER_07]: But whatever you do, do not do Donkey Kong Jr.
[SPEAKER_07]: math.
[SPEAKER_28]: I just recently played DK, was it 94?
[SPEAKER_28]: The Game Boy one.
[SPEAKER_28]: Finally got back and played that, and man, that's a... If you guys haven't played that one, you gotta give it a shot.
[SPEAKER_28]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, my friend, I'm so sorry.
[SPEAKER_07]: But due to time, I got to let you go.
[SPEAKER_07]: But thank you.
[SPEAKER_07]: We still have nine emails to get through.
[SPEAKER_07]: But thank you so much.
[SPEAKER_07]: I appreciate hearing from you.
[SPEAKER_28]: And the last thing that Carissa wanted me to pass along to you.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yes, but really quick, really quick.
[SPEAKER_07]: I did want to say what I meant earlier.
[SPEAKER_07]: Watching your growth and your journey through everything you did, I felt very, very proud.
[SPEAKER_07]: Like, I knew him when.
[SPEAKER_06]: I knew him when.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, you still let me know.
[SPEAKER_28]: What's that?
[SPEAKER_28]: You still know me now.
[SPEAKER_07]: Of course I still know you now.
[SPEAKER_28]: I'm not going to leave you alone just because the show's ending.
[SPEAKER_07]: Good, good.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's the right answer.
[SPEAKER_28]: All right, what do you want to say?
[SPEAKER_28]: Anyway, my wife says, bye, bitch.
[SPEAKER_28]: Tell her I said, girl.
[SPEAKER_07]: Bye.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hey Rob, you know I still have that cross-stitch you got me?
[SPEAKER_02]: Oops!
[SPEAKER_07]: I dragged Loki to the wrong channel.
[SPEAKER_07]: Justin dropped out so fast I put Loki in the channel.
[SPEAKER_07]: I put Loki in the drunk tank.
[SPEAKER_07]: No.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hey Rob, I still have that cross-stitch you got me of the unicorn that says later, bitch.
[SPEAKER_07]: I love it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Loki, turn your camera back on.
[SPEAKER_07]: Sorry, that's my bad.
[SPEAKER_07]: Justin, peace the fuck out.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I couldn't get you back quick enough.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: We're going to try this caller again who tried to call in a minute ago.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hopefully he's been able to work on the audio.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hello.
[SPEAKER_07]: You're on Orange Chance Radio.
[SPEAKER_07]: Who's this?
[SPEAKER_07]: Hey, it's Matt.
[SPEAKER_07]: You got it.
[SPEAKER_32]: Matt.
[SPEAKER_07]: What's up, Matt?
[SPEAKER_32]: I want to see your pupper again.
[SPEAKER_07]: He's right here.
[SPEAKER_20]: My assistant.
[SPEAKER_20]: What's up, my friend?
[SPEAKER_20]: So last week I called in and did my goodbye, but tonight I wanted to kind of do something a little special.
[SPEAKER_20]: Lately I've been doing on Blue Sky the O.R.
[SPEAKER_20]: Did You Knows and kind of throw some stats out.
[SPEAKER_20]: So with this, I'm going to rapid fire a bunch of things.
[SPEAKER_20]: So...
[SPEAKER_20]: All are started on June 23rd, 2002.
[SPEAKER_20]: The top Billboard song that weekend was Nelly Hot in Here.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay, that's like a legendary song.
[SPEAKER_07]: And actually, I'm like, okay, that doesn't feel that old.
[SPEAKER_07]: That song doesn't feel that old.
[SPEAKER_20]: The top album at the moment at that time was the Spider-Man soundtrack.
[SPEAKER_20]: That feels old.
[SPEAKER_20]: The movies that weekend were the top two movies were Minority Report, which was that debut.
[SPEAKER_20]: Oh, God.
[SPEAKER_20]: And Lilo and Stitch.
[SPEAKER_20]: Oh, my God.
[SPEAKER_20]: The original.
[SPEAKER_20]: Yep.
[SPEAKER_20]: Wow.
[SPEAKER_20]: OK, that that's when I was doing the film in age there.
[SPEAKER_20]: And when I was doing, speaking of feeling old, when I was doing research for this, I realized.
[SPEAKER_07]: I have to read what SP Azure, because I agree with Jaskara, this is genius.
[SPEAKER_07]: SP Azure said, my home pod plays that song, Hot In Here, if my room gets over 80 degrees.
[SPEAKER_11]: That is so fucking genius.
[SPEAKER_11]: That's what we should be using AI for.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's what AI is for, people.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's what AI is for.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay, sorry.
[SPEAKER_07]: Sorry, Matt.
[SPEAKER_20]: So speaking of feeling old, when I was doing research for this, I realized I graduated high school June 18th, earlier that week.
[SPEAKER_07]: Which, by the way, the original OLR debut date was June 16th.
[SPEAKER_07]: It was pushed back a week because I think Jamie had a sudden conflict.
[SPEAKER_07]: It was supposed to be a week earlier.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_20]: The top selling games at that time were Medal of Honor, GTA 3, and the Spider-Man game.
[SPEAKER_07]: That all adds up.
[SPEAKER_07]: Again, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: You say the Spider-Man game and it's easy to think of the PS5 game, which is obviously a lot newer.
[SPEAKER_07]: I know that's not the one, but yeah, it doesn't feel old.
[SPEAKER_20]: And one game was released on that day.
[SPEAKER_20]: Eternal Darkness on the GameCube.
[SPEAKER_20]: Really?
[SPEAKER_20]: It was released that day.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hey, I'm proud to share a debut date with that game.
[SPEAKER_07]: Excuse me, that game.
[SPEAKER_20]: No major celebrities were born on that day, but two days later, on June 25th, Benson Boone was born.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, the backflip guy.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_07]: Cool.
[SPEAKER_07]: Interesting.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm sorry, this show is older than that guy by two days?
[SPEAKER_07]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_07]: Fuck me.
Yes.
[SPEAKER_20]: I'm going to a home.
[SPEAKER_20]: Top shows that week, CSI, Everybody Loves Raymond, and 60 Minutes.
[SPEAKER_20]: And two shows debuted that month on TV that are still on TV now.
[SPEAKER_20]: Can you guess what they are?
[SPEAKER_07]: Two shows debuted on TV that week that are still on now?
[SPEAKER_20]: Not that week, actually, that month.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_07]: They're probably reality shows, but Survivor was before that, and so was Big Brother, but I'm thinking they're shows in that same vein.
[SPEAKER_07]: How about The Amazing Race?
[SPEAKER_20]: Well, I'll tell you the answer.
[SPEAKER_20]: The two shows were American Isle and The Bachelor.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay, so reality shows that were... Okay, okay.
[SPEAKER_07]: I was going to say American Idol, but I thought that would have been earlier.
[SPEAKER_02]: I know.
[SPEAKER_07]: I actually thought American Idol was like 2001.
[SPEAKER_02]: Why is it still on?
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, it's off and on a lot.
[SPEAKER_20]: So now on to the real final stats.
[SPEAKER_20]: 2000...
[SPEAKER_20]: 746 hours, 47 minutes, 5 seconds.
[SPEAKER_20]: That's how many hours of OLR or runtime of OLR.
[SPEAKER_07]: We are on three hours plus tonight, so I think we're going to cross 2750 by the time I'll send that.
[SPEAKER_20]: Combined runtime of every episode of SNL, The Golden Girls, The Simpsons, Friends, and Doctor Who minus specials.
[SPEAKER_02]: is that counting back to the 60s?
[SPEAKER_20]: yes jeez yep the longest episode was episode 380 which was 9 hours and 39 minutes marathon episode that was a marathon episode shortest episode the shortest episode was 18 minutes and 44 seconds which was I think we considered that the diva fit show
[SPEAKER_20]: I think after we got everything working, we just said, this is the show, fuck it I published that?
[SPEAKER_07]: I think you published the last part where you just kind of went through headlines real quick Wow, oh yeah, Loki just read through the headlines Okay, wow, honestly, looking back, I'm actually surprised that hit the podcast feed
[SPEAKER_20]: There were 33 interviews on OLR during its run.
[SPEAKER_20]: So there's that.
[SPEAKER_20]: Classic Games of the Week, and this is kind of like the last part.
[SPEAKER_20]: There were 818 Classic Games of the Week.
[SPEAKER_02]: No wonder I have trouble thinking of one.
[SPEAKER_20]: 225 of those were arcade games.
[SPEAKER_20]: Do you want to guess what the next one was?
[SPEAKER_20]: Not just the console.
[SPEAKER_20]: It's a console.
[SPEAKER_20]: I will give you a hint.
[SPEAKER_02]: Saturn?
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, it's got to be Sega.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's got to be... SNES?
[SPEAKER_07]: Yes, Saturn.
[SPEAKER_20]: SNES or Saturn?
[SPEAKER_20]: It was the NES slash Famicom, which was 132 entries.
[SPEAKER_07]: I realized there wasn't that many Saturn games, so it couldn't be second.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, okay, that tracks.
[SPEAKER_20]: Saturn was tied with PS2 at number three.
[SPEAKER_20]: There we go.
[SPEAKER_02]: Huh, okay.
[SPEAKER_20]: Yep.
[SPEAKER_20]: there were two consoles that never got an entry I would guess the Fairchild Channel F other than its own probably if we want to get I think yes, that's one of them there's two I know I've done Magnavox Odyssey games
[SPEAKER_07]: GameGear, there were three
[SPEAKER_02]: I know I've done a Virtual Boy game.
[SPEAKER_07]: Atari Lynx.
[SPEAKER_07]: She would have never picked a Lynx game.
[SPEAKER_02]: I did pick a Lynx game, I think.
[SPEAKER_20]: Did I pick California games?
[SPEAKER_20]: I did not see... So the one I was looking for was Virtual Boy because I didn't see a Virtual Boy game in there.
[SPEAKER_02]: I could have swore I did Red Alert.
[SPEAKER_02]: No, I guess maybe I didn't.
[SPEAKER_02]: I've done MSX games because I've done Metal Gear.
[SPEAKER_20]: Maybe when you were thinking of it, you got a migraine.
[SPEAKER_20]: Guess we gotta uncancel.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm just kidding.
[SPEAKER_02]: I haven't done N-Gage.
[SPEAKER_02]: Actually, some of the games I've done have had ports to the N-Gage.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I have done the N-Gage itself.
[SPEAKER_13]: I remember playing the N-Gage at E3.
[SPEAKER_20]: Matt, I love... There's one last number I want to give.
[SPEAKER_20]: It's a fun one.
[SPEAKER_20]: It's $5,300,000
[SPEAKER_20]: and 18,008.
[SPEAKER_20]: What does that have to do with OLR?
[SPEAKER_20]: Absolutely nothing.
[SPEAKER_20]: Other than when you put that in a calculator, you get boobies.
[SPEAKER_20]: Yep.
[SPEAKER_20]: Nice.
[SPEAKER_07]: No, it's a good stat.
[SPEAKER_20]: It's a good stat worth sharing.
[SPEAKER_20]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_20]: Well, thank you guys.
[SPEAKER_20]: This show was a lot of fun and I love you guys and can't wait to hear what's next.
[SPEAKER_20]: And you know what?
[SPEAKER_20]: This isn't goodbye, but see you later.
[SPEAKER_11]: Fuck off!
[SPEAKER_11]: Boobies was so funny.
[SPEAKER_11]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you, Matt.
[SPEAKER_07]: I appreciate you.
[SPEAKER_07]: You're the best.
[SPEAKER_07]: And it was great.
[SPEAKER_07]: It was great to meet you.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I'll see you again.
[SPEAKER_07]: This is just this is just tell the next tell the next thing.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Take care of my friend.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's bring in another caller.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm trying to think of my expensive mascara so I don't cry.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: I am going to say we have three people in the green room and those are going to be the last three after this one.
[SPEAKER_07]: So please, at this point, if you haven't joined, you have missed your opportunity.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I would send us a quick social media post or something just because I would like to end before the four hour mark if possible.
[SPEAKER_07]: So, all right.
[SPEAKER_07]: and some... God damn it, somebody sneaks in there right after I say that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Fine.
[SPEAKER_07]: Only because I know who you are and you're on thin ice, buddy.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
[SPEAKER_07]: Who's this?
[SPEAKER_05]: A voice Olard hasn't heard for, I want to say, 11 years.
[SPEAKER_05]: It has been a long time.
[SPEAKER_05]: Who is this?
[SPEAKER_27]: Well, uh...
[SPEAKER_27]: I know my name is displayed as AFK7Music, but that's literally like a mixture of my old names, one of which you remember as Amiga777.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, I sure do remember you.
[SPEAKER_07]: Wow, it's been a long fucking time.
[SPEAKER_07]: How are you?
[SPEAKER_05]: I'm still alive.
[SPEAKER_05]: Thank God.
[SPEAKER_27]: What have you been up to?
[SPEAKER_27]: Um, a lot.
[SPEAKER_27]: I mean...
[SPEAKER_27]: I know I gotta be concise here, and so... Just say a lot.
[SPEAKER_27]: Yeah, like, just lost family members, I've lost friends, lost jobs, there's been a lot of loss, and trying to figure out what to do with my life.
[SPEAKER_07]: But you've persevered, and you're here, and let's celebrate that, because that shit is very hard, and sometimes it's hard to get up in the morning, but you're here, and so let's celebrate that, so hang in there.
[SPEAKER_27]: Absolutely.
[SPEAKER_27]: I'll cut to what's on my mind.
[SPEAKER_27]: I think I got a really good one this time compared to the previous times I've told you guys what's on my mind.
[SPEAKER_27]: Basically, what's on my mind lately is what I like to call console fatigue.
[SPEAKER_27]: It's like I'm
[SPEAKER_27]: I'm 38 now, and I just feel like I've kind of come to this point where this current generation that we're in, it's like I've felt like I've kind of fallen out of interest with everything that Microsoft, Sony, and Nintendo...
[SPEAKER_27]: I guess have been kind of doing, you know, with their respective ecosystems.
[SPEAKER_27]: It's just seems like, you know, it's become more attractive for me to just play, you know, PC or mobile games now since they've just been they've just gone in a direction.
[SPEAKER_27]: I just feel like I
[SPEAKER_27]: Can't really afford to follow, you know, either financially or I guess literally.
[SPEAKER_07]: That is a legit as fuck perspective is that, you know, it can be video games are getting more and more expensive and we have to make difficult choices sometimes.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's why it's so important.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think too, that we have the indie scene to choose from, which, you know, where you get a lot more like reasonably priced games and so forth.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think that's completely reasonable that you feel priced out of the current generation of games don't make it ever feel like you're any less of a gamer and I've said this to somebody else another long time caller of this show years and years ago is that that doesn't make you any less of a gamer just because you're playing second hand games you picked up at flea markets on a console that's last generations that's just being a retro fan and there are so many good games
[SPEAKER_07]: that will always be out there and available.
[SPEAKER_07]: And yeah, I don't feel any lesser than just because you can't justify paying $70 for games.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's a privilege these days.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I think people forget that.
[SPEAKER_13]: Also, you should just not care who cares.
[SPEAKER_13]: There's no authority.
[SPEAKER_13]: It's like, you are a gamer.
[SPEAKER_13]: You're not a gamer.
[SPEAKER_13]: Who cares?
[SPEAKER_13]: Just do whatever you want to do.
[SPEAKER_07]: 100%.
[SPEAKER_13]: It doesn't matter.
[SPEAKER_07]: If you say you're a gamer, you're a gamer.
[SPEAKER_13]: We're past the school-age days of like, oh, I'm better than you.
[SPEAKER_13]: No one cares.
[SPEAKER_27]: Yeah, so it's like, I just have been felt like I've been listened to.
[SPEAKER_27]: I know like, at least like with Nintendo games,
[SPEAKER_27]: I know I've asked for quite a few generations now that they make a new F-Zero.
[SPEAKER_27]: I'm not really counting F-Zero 99.
[SPEAKER_27]: It's nice that they brought that out to bring back memories and bring some new fans to the franchise.
[SPEAKER_27]: But I'd say outside of that, it doesn't feel like a new, new
[SPEAKER_27]: and F-Zero to me.
[SPEAKER_27]: And I'm hoping that that changes in this generation.
[SPEAKER_27]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, my friend, I've got to let you go because we have some more calls and more show to do.
[SPEAKER_07]: But thank you so much.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's so good to hear from you, Blast from the Past.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I'm right with you there that they need a new F-Zero game.
[SPEAKER_07]: And hang in there, gamer.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Love you guys.
[SPEAKER_07]: You take care.
[SPEAKER_07]: Take care, my friend.
[SPEAKER_07]: Bye-bye.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: So we're at that point where we have been running so long, I need to use the restroom.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I'm going to ask DarkSakura if they could pull up the email bag and maybe get us started with one or two emails here before we get to our next call.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, sure thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_02]: This is titled, Let My Final Email to OLR Be a Shitpost.
[SPEAKER_02]: Fitting.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hey OLR crew, it's Mari.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, since this is my final email to OLR, I might as well go out with a bang.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hear me out, this is my pitch for a hypothetical Time Crisis 6.
[SPEAKER_02]: So some of you may know that Time Crisis games have a hit combo system like Dodonpachi.
[SPEAKER_13]: I didn't even realize that Time Crisis got the 5.
[SPEAKER_02]: I thought it was like 3.
[SPEAKER_02]: Right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, what if they borrowed from Dodonpachi and added a hyper mode that makes your shots give more combo?
[SPEAKER_02]: Also for the final boss fight, Wild Dog transforms into a floating flaming dog and spews 3D bullet hell while 200 BPM gabber remix of his theme with gratuitous use of Amen Breaks plays.
[SPEAKER_02]: and the player characters are Rachel McPherson from the first game and Alicia Winston from the third game.
[SPEAKER_02]: They kiss and get married in the ending and shout trans rights.
[SPEAKER_02]: Thank you and good night.
[SPEAKER_13]: I'm down.
[SPEAKER_13]: I think that'd be cool as like a gun game where you have to shoot the mob or shoot like basically anything that's on the screen to the beat of the music or something like that in time and like kind of have that element in an arcade setting would be kind of cool I'm so happy for a throwback to Dodonpachi also I want to play the Enter the Gunja game and I don't know where I can play it hopefully they have it somewhere at one of these Dave and Busters or something so the next email is titled thank you
[SPEAKER_13]: You're welcome.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm reading it, Rob, so hush.
[SPEAKER_13]: Musical Gun Gun.
[SPEAKER_13]: They already have that game.
[SPEAKER_13]: Cool.
[SPEAKER_13]: I will have to play that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Though I have not been the most active member of the community owing to that old thing called Greenwich Mean Time and the past year with real life bollocks, you have been a constant in my life since I found you way back in 2006 with episode 176.
[SPEAKER_02]: You've been there every Monday morning for me, through it all, family bereavements, personal health problems, figuring out where I was going and who I am, and giant enemy craps.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Loki's numerous rants, Rob absolutely losing it laughing.
[SPEAKER_02]: Perhaps my favorite of all is Jamie and I doing gift swaps in some of Shermie's for accidentally making its way to the UK.
[SPEAKER_02]: Believe it or not, I still have it.
[SPEAKER_02]: You do?
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay, now I'm gonna cry.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_02]: Stop.
[SPEAKER_02]: Expensive mascara.
[SPEAKER_02]: Urban decay.
[SPEAKER_02]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_02]: To echo Actdeft last week, I get it as well, and the bittersweet feeling of an ending paving the way for rest and new beginnings.
[SPEAKER_02]: Earlier this year, I had to part from a project which also spanned a good part of 20 years, though not consecutively, which subsequently meant it ending.
[SPEAKER_02]: The guilt was something else, but worse was the guilt of having to try to find the time and energy amid literally everything that
[SPEAKER_02]: Thanks for watching!
[SPEAKER_02]: Do not feel guilty for the end.
[SPEAKER_02]: Be happy that it happened in the first place.
[SPEAKER_02]: The gaming and podcast worlds will be poor without you, but most importantly, our ears.
[SPEAKER_02]: Though the show is coming to a close, I like to think of this quote, sometimes you can't go back, but you can always visit.
[SPEAKER_02]: All the best in your future endeavors.
[SPEAKER_02]: Much love and thank you so very, very much.
[SPEAKER_02]: Rob Kidman, Kidman Project.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you so much.
[SPEAKER_07]: That was very well put and I appreciate that.
[SPEAKER_02]: He shares a birthday with my mom.
[SPEAKER_02]: I love that.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's get back to the calls.
[SPEAKER_07]: We have a few more calls.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's get to it.
[SPEAKER_07]: And hopefully folks are ready as I pull them in to put them on the spot live on air.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hi, you are on Orange Launch Radio.
[SPEAKER_07]: Who's this?
[SPEAKER_08]: This is the Drew.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, my God.
[SPEAKER_07]: Who let you in here?
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, I guess that was me.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, sorry.
[SPEAKER_08]: Had technical difficulties.
[SPEAKER_08]: Knocked over the mixer.
[SPEAKER_08]: Had to call Echo 123.
[SPEAKER_08]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_14]: I appreciate you.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I remember a certain co-worker of yours sending a message saying, you're going to be there, right?
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, here I am.
[SPEAKER_07]: So, what's new?
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh, Jesus.
[SPEAKER_08]: Besides this?
[SPEAKER_07]: Just say a lot.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, a lot.
[SPEAKER_07]: A lot.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm not going to take up too much of the time.
[SPEAKER_08]: I know it's been a mini marathon here.
[SPEAKER_08]: But, man, oh, man.
[SPEAKER_08]: I got to say...
[SPEAKER_08]: What a long, strange trip it's been.
[SPEAKER_08]: Y'all have been absolutely the, from your first broadcast, the best birthday present I ever got.
[SPEAKER_08]: And you three kind of shaped my life.
[SPEAKER_08]: So I just want to say I appreciate y'all for it.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, any future endeavors y'all have, I'll be waiting with bated breath.
[SPEAKER_08]: Damn.
[SPEAKER_08]: Tearing up myself.
[SPEAKER_08]: Sorry, y'all.
[SPEAKER_07]: No, we appreciate you, and thank you for giving us somebody to pick on.
[SPEAKER_07]: And you know we never really meant it.
[SPEAKER_07]: You've been an incredible friend and a piece of this show's lore.
[SPEAKER_08]: The toilet paper roll's getting framed.
[SPEAKER_07]: You really are a piece of our lore.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm never changing your picture on my phone.
[SPEAKER_02]: And you shouldn't.
[SPEAKER_07]: Drew, thank you so much for being along for the ride.
[SPEAKER_07]: Again, we're not going away.
[SPEAKER_07]: We're just going different directions.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I hope to see you in the future with whatever we're all involved with next.
[SPEAKER_08]: Love y'all.
[SPEAKER_07]: Happy trails.
[SPEAKER_07]: Love you too.
[SPEAKER_07]: Take care.
[SPEAKER_07]: Bye.
[SPEAKER_07]: Loki, DarkSakura, Robb
[SPEAKER_01]: Hey, it's J.B.
[SPEAKER_01]: Henry.
[SPEAKER_01]: I went by three other letters back in the day, DMN, but I heard what was happening with Orange Lounge Radio, and I really wanted to tune in on the 23rd of November, however...
[SPEAKER_01]: I've had things happening I'm actually going to be as of the broadcast of the final episode of LLR I will be in the middle of a charity marathon for Extra Life my 16th annual one I really wanted to say something because to me it's important that all these years later I'm doing my own Twitch channel and doing my own thing to me it's very very important to acknowledge where you came from and
[SPEAKER_01]: if it wasn't for you guys giving me opportunities to do dumb things like STFU and whatever the hell else I don't remember other shows I did and then working under sedation for a little bit I wouldn't be where I am today creatively and I have nobody to thank but the three of you
[SPEAKER_01]: Thank you for watching!
[SPEAKER_01]: and I hope whatever wherever your journeys take you creatively they're just as fruitful as this you've managed to bring a lot of people together and while I've been outside of that sphere for a long time again it's important to remember where you came from I love you guys and again nothing but the best for you as you move on in your journeys creatively you guys are the best and somebody's gonna have to come along and
[SPEAKER_01]: Do a 24-year video game podcast, but I don't see that happening anytime soon.
[SPEAKER_01]: Again, congratulations.
[SPEAKER_01]: Love you guys, and take care, and remember, make every day a great day.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thanks so much to... I just remember the old name DMN.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_07]: I know you don't go by that anymore.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I remember Bressel.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think JB Henry said his name is.
[SPEAKER_07]: But the thing I am going to point out, my friend, I do notice in the background, there's a little thing that says points 420 when lit.
[SPEAKER_07]: Is that a weed?
[SPEAKER_07]: Anyway, no, I really appreciate the message.
[SPEAKER_07]: That is really sweet.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I've said I'm very grateful to people that have said such nice things about the show and so forth.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I'm glad that you're doing your thing and raising money for charity is a great cause.
[SPEAKER_07]: I had no idea it was Extra Life Weekend.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm very sorry.
[SPEAKER_07]: Didn't realize that we were doing that.
[SPEAKER_07]: But you're never going to find a week that's completely empty.
[SPEAKER_07]: There's only so much time on this earth.
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura.com
[SPEAKER_07]: I want to read just a few notes here.
[SPEAKER_07]: I did get some DMs on Twitter.
[SPEAKER_07]: I see you're not Twitter, BlueSky.
[SPEAKER_07]: And BlueSky, we got a direct message here from MissingNo, who this is intended to be read.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I'm going to read this saying...
[SPEAKER_07]: I kept putting off writing this email because I didn't know exactly what to say.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alas, all good things must come to an end, and it's humbling to be reminded that nothing lasts forever.
[SPEAKER_07]: I just wanted to thank all of you for 15 plus years of amazing live shows.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm going to guess for him.
[SPEAKER_07]: Because it's been 23, but that's fine.
[SPEAKER_07]: I first discovered you...
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh yeah, sorry, I'm reading chat and this, and I shouldn't be doing that.
[SPEAKER_07]: I first discovered you while browsing the web with the PSP browser before Loki's app, and I've been listening ever since.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm not the most vocal or interactive member of the community.
[SPEAKER_07]: I've always been shy, but you guys have been an important part of my life.
[SPEAKER_07]: I did meet Rob once outside the Heinz Convention Center at PAX East 2010.
[SPEAKER_07]: Even though it was brief, it meant a lot to me.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, thank you for that, and it's really great to have met a lot of listeners over time as well, and
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_07]: Minna, I'm trying to read a direct message on Blue Sky.
[SPEAKER_07]: I wanted to at least write this to let you all know how appreciative I am of your dedication to the show and your reporting on the industry.
[SPEAKER_07]: I actually learned a lot of what I know today about the inner workings of the industry because of you guys.
[SPEAKER_07]: I honestly don't know what I'm going to do with my Sunday nights now.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'll never forget OLR.
[SPEAKER_07]: You've truly been the podcast of a lifetime.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you and I can't wait to see what projects come next.
[SPEAKER_07]: Signed, MissingNo64, Andrew E. Thank you for the direct message and appreciate the
[SPEAKER_07]: All right, DarkSakura is back.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I'm going to get my screens in order here and get to our next caller.
[SPEAKER_07]: So caller, if you can hear me, be ready because I'm going to pull you in here just as soon as I get my screens sorted.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right, here we go.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's get back to it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_07]: Who's this?
[SPEAKER_15]: You know, you really can't have a farewell party without the party animal.
[SPEAKER_15]: I'm just saying.
Yeah.
[SPEAKER_15]: Hello Ranma, how are you?
[SPEAKER_15]: I'm good, I just got back from PAX Unplugged and I had a really good time.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's good.
[SPEAKER_07]: I was just reading about an encounter at PAX East from years ago.
[SPEAKER_07]: So you had a good time.
[SPEAKER_07]: And we'll hear more about it on Anime Jam Session this week, right?
[SPEAKER_15]: And you will.
[SPEAKER_15]: And I just want to say that I remember that one Katsukan that you went to that you wore my Black Mage cosplay.
[SPEAKER_11]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_15]: and as we were walking around in the dealer's hall one of the vendors recognized you and I remember exactly I think there was a conversation you two were having and he goes hold up you're Rob Roberts from Orange Lounge Radio sometimes the voices have done interesting things over the years because that's very similar to the story at the restaurant that Jamie brought up earlier is that they don't know when they see us but when they hear us then it's like wait a minute you sound so familiar yeah
[SPEAKER_07]: Mm-hmm, definitely.
[SPEAKER_07]: OLR and Rocky and hosting and stuff have led to some interesting encounters over the years, but I'm always appreciative that people say hello.
[SPEAKER_07]: There's no need to be shy.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't bite unless you ask, and you have to ask really nicely and have all your checks.
[SPEAKER_17]: To be fair, I've had shots.
[SPEAKER_07]: You've had a lot of shots tonight, DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_07]: Anyway, sorry, Ranma.
[SPEAKER_07]: What were you going to say?
[SPEAKER_15]: I mean, to be fair, I was at a Wawa about a few months ago, you know, doing my normal shopping, and this girl is, like, talking to me, and she's like, have you been to this convention?
[SPEAKER_15]: And I was like,
[SPEAKER_15]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_15]: And he recognized me outside of my cosplay, so we were talking back and forth.
[SPEAKER_15]: And it's kind of cool things like that does happen, you know?
[SPEAKER_07]: It does.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's great to have friends around the country and really around the world, including yourself, Ranma.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm so thankful that we've been able to meet thanks to this little program and all the success that you've had and getting to come see you in New York City, which I promise I will do again.
[SPEAKER_07]: And yeah.
[SPEAKER_15]: Don't forget that one time we met at 8 on the break and we went to my friend's house to play DDR and then we took you to a diner, okay?
[SPEAKER_07]: I 100% remember.
[SPEAKER_07]: We don't have diners in California the same way they do back east.
[SPEAKER_07]: It is so different.
[SPEAKER_07]: You know, there might be a diner.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's not the same.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's more strip mall here.
[SPEAKER_02]: I remember we were driving back from Fanamee.
[SPEAKER_02]: and my Lancer at the time.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I was like, y'all want to go to Treasure Island?
[SPEAKER_02]: You said, sure.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I drifted onto the exit in my Lancer.
[SPEAKER_15]: That was the following year I came out there.
[SPEAKER_15]: Because I was thinking about that.
[SPEAKER_15]: You know, it was like, who would have thought me going to a convention?
[SPEAKER_15]: Next thing you know, we're just the best of friends, you know?
[SPEAKER_15]: It's just pretty awesome like that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Speaking of which, Ranma, I know we did this earlier with Brad from PodCulture, but I'm not fucking letting you out of here until you lead us in a toast.
[SPEAKER_15]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_15]: Now, you know, normally I would have bottles, you know, a shot or whatever, but I was going to use, I was going to get a can of Strong Zero, which randomly disappeared.
[SPEAKER_15]: So I found one of my favorite Japanese adult beverages, Sapporo.
[SPEAKER_02]: I approve of that, although I am a Kirin fan.
[SPEAKER_15]: Oh, I love Kirin, too.
[SPEAKER_15]: The extra dry is really good.
[SPEAKER_15]: I'm not gonna lie.
[SPEAKER_15]: I'm waiting.
[SPEAKER_15]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_15]: Yes, sir.
[SPEAKER_15]: Here's to you.
[SPEAKER_15]: Here's to me.
[SPEAKER_15]: The best of friends will ever be.
[SPEAKER_17]: If we should ever happen to disagree, well, fuck you, and here's to me.
[SPEAKER_02]: L'chaim.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well said.
[SPEAKER_07]: My friend, I will see you.
[SPEAKER_07]: I will see you in the future.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I look forward to continued collaboration in different ways.
[SPEAKER_07]: So thank you so much for your friendship over these years and to be continued.
[SPEAKER_07]: Definitely.
[SPEAKER_15]: Love you, Ranchan.
[SPEAKER_15]: Love you, Ukchan.
[SPEAKER_15]: And I will send y'all off with something I say for my podcast where we rate somebody else.
[SPEAKER_15]: From the late, great Jerry Springer, take care of yourselves and each other.
[SPEAKER_07]: Good night.
[SPEAKER_07]: Good night, my friend.
[SPEAKER_07]: Take care.
[SPEAKER_07]: You too.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm loving that all the listeners tonight are like, wow, all the OLR listeners got their salt and pepper beards.
[SPEAKER_07]: All of you are reacting, but you also are being very kind.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you for uplifting everybody.
[SPEAKER_07]: Y'all, they're everybody's cuties and stuff tonight.
[SPEAKER_07]: So let's see if y'all think our next caller is a cutie.
[SPEAKER_07]: Here we go.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_07]: Who's this?
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh my gosh.
[SPEAKER_07]: Look what the cat dragged in.
[SPEAKER_07]: You gotta unmute yourself on Discord though.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hi.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hi, sorry, just a moment.
[SPEAKER_07]: Nope.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh my gosh, it's Extifer.
[SPEAKER_17]: Is this cutie?
[SPEAKER_07]: Hi, it's been fun.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's Extifer from Horn House, and Lord knows what other shows we've done together.
[SPEAKER_07]: Guys on a show, whatever.
[SPEAKER_07]: Lord knows.
[SPEAKER_07]: Lord the singer knows a lot.
[SPEAKER_07]: Your albums are really good.
[SPEAKER_07]: How are you doing?
[SPEAKER_07]: You've been waiting for like 45 minutes to get in, so thank you for that.
[SPEAKER_22]: I know, it's like 12.43 here.
[SPEAKER_22]: Oh my god, I'm sorry to these listeners.
[SPEAKER_22]: I already took my ambience What did you want to say?
[SPEAKER_22]: Oh, no, no, no What did you want to say?
[SPEAKER_07]: Thanks for being here No, I'm actually so happy you're here tonight because you've been huge in this show We talked about lore earlier You've been huge in this show's lore not just from the spinoff shows but I know this show was at a place that you lived as well for so many years I'm just watching Firefly with you
[SPEAKER_22]: Aw.
[SPEAKER_22]: Well, I do have a lot of fun memories.
[SPEAKER_22]: And I know that this show means so much to all three of you.
[SPEAKER_22]: Having seen it behind the scenes in the past, and I'm, God, like 20 years ago, is when I started to be on it, right?
[SPEAKER_22]: You can tell...
[SPEAKER_22]: When you watch it behind the scenes, how much you guys do in preparation for the show.
[SPEAKER_22]: And I hope that people respect that and understand that.
[SPEAKER_22]: And it's definitely a commitment that I just couldn't do myself, right?
[SPEAKER_22]: I mean, you know this for sure, Rob.
[SPEAKER_07]: Horde House went, what, 180?
[SPEAKER_07]: Nowhere close to 1,000?
[SPEAKER_07]: No, I'm just kidding.
[SPEAKER_22]: And you know what?
[SPEAKER_22]: It would have gone 160 if it was my choice.
[SPEAKER_22]: I'm just kidding.
[SPEAKER_22]: I miss you.
[SPEAKER_22]: But I just wanted to say, gosh, you know, 20 years ago, we were different people.
[SPEAKER_22]: I was your roommate, Rob.
[SPEAKER_11]: And they were roommates.
[SPEAKER_22]: and whenever you would do the show you know I have fond memories of Matt's wife coming over we watched Desperate Housewives while you guys were doing OLR and like doing that
[SPEAKER_22]: and I just you know it's it's definitely a part of my it was a part of my life and I just wanted to say that it I didn't know that it was your last show until 45 minutes ago.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well you know news is slow to travel sometimes it's right you've been busy.
But
[SPEAKER_22]: you know I'm also busy so anyways I don't know where I'm going with this but I just wanted to say that I hope you guys you know whatever the future holds for all three of you I'm sure that it's going to be bright and yeah that's what I have to say
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, it's really a delight to hear from you.
[SPEAKER_07]: I have not seen you in quite a long time and it's just nice to see your face and I hope we get to hang out again soon.
[SPEAKER_07]: I know you're on the other coast now and you're like, oh, I got a kid.
[SPEAKER_07]: I got children to be responsible for.
[SPEAKER_07]: But I hope at some point we get to hang out again.
[SPEAKER_22]: Sometimes I need a break from the kid.
[SPEAKER_22]: But, you know, so on those times, I'm sure that
[SPEAKER_22]: We could make something work out.
[SPEAKER_22]: I was just thinking, I'm sorry, I don't want to take so much of your time.
[SPEAKER_22]: I was just thinking we're going to be visiting California soon for the holidays, but we're not going to be in the Sacramento area.
[SPEAKER_22]: So that's a bummer.
[SPEAKER_22]: But I know that whenever we do come out there, like
[SPEAKER_22]: Definitely we should all get together.
[SPEAKER_07]: If you're down for it, text me when you're here because my work schedule gives me every other Friday off the way it is now.
[SPEAKER_07]: I work longer days.
[SPEAKER_22]: You're so busy all the time.
[SPEAKER_22]: I'm kidding.
[SPEAKER_07]: But I drive to LA easily now and I can always stay with Victoria down there.
[SPEAKER_07]: So just, well, assuming she'll have me, but you know, just let me know when you're going to be there.
[SPEAKER_07]: yeah, of course alright, take care guys thank you for everything, take care, we'll see you well, actually we won't see you because the show is ending but I will see you hopefully sometime soon alright, take care guys bye alright, well shall I dig back in?
[SPEAKER_07]: I've got one more call one more call, the last call the last caller ever
[SPEAKER_07]: to Orange Launch Radio.
[SPEAKER_07]: And there's no one I would rather have.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hello, you are on Orange Launch Radio.
[SPEAKER_07]: Who's this?
[SPEAKER_07]: This is Bobby Blackwolf.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's I'm glad we can bring this full circle because you have always been generous enough to have me us on at the end of your show for the better part of 20 years.
[SPEAKER_07]: I mean, maybe we were doing the teases the whole time, but 18 or 19 years you've had us on at the end of your show.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I can think of nobody better to end our show with at least call wise.
[SPEAKER_07]: I always still have some emails, but at least call wise tonight.
[SPEAKER_07]: So what's going on?
[SPEAKER_07]: How you been?
[SPEAKER_07]: What's what's new?
[SPEAKER_26]: A lot.
[SPEAKER_26]: And I'll just leave it at that.
[SPEAKER_26]: There was a factoid that SSJ100Matt missed.
[SPEAKER_26]: And I did the math, because I do math.
[SPEAKER_26]: Because I've been listening for longer than I've been 29.
[SPEAKER_26]: But...
[SPEAKER_26]: If you take today and you count how many days it's been since you started.
[SPEAKER_26]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_26]: That is 8,554 days.
[SPEAKER_26]: If a show ended on June 23, 2002, it would have started.
[SPEAKER_26]: Are you ready for the date it would have started?
[SPEAKER_26]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_26]: January 21, 1979.
[SPEAKER_26]: Jeez.
[SPEAKER_17]: I just thought I'd share that for you.
[SPEAKER_26]: You're welcome.
[SPEAKER_02]: Less than half my life.
[SPEAKER_26]: You're very welcome.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh my god, I hate literally the most annoying fucking statistics in the world.
[SPEAKER_07]: Today is X many days as this day was to this day.
[SPEAKER_07]: Uh-huh.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh my god.
[SPEAKER_07]: You're welcome.
[SPEAKER_05]: You're very welcome.
[SPEAKER_07]: Literally half my life.
[SPEAKER_07]: More than half of Matt's.
[SPEAKER_07]: Matt's younger than me.
[SPEAKER_07]: More than half.
[SPEAKER_26]: Wow.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, Bobby, thank you for breaking my brain here at the end.
[SPEAKER_26]: You're welcome.
[SPEAKER_26]: So now I will be nice because I got the meanness out of the way.
[SPEAKER_26]: So no, thank you for being a huge part of my life and my growth in this space as a creator.
[SPEAKER_26]: What a lot of people probably don't know is that if the three of you weren't on board with my crazy ideas back in 2012, I probably would have quit podcasting in 2012 because I would have been alone.
[SPEAKER_26]: Because of things that were going on, I was on the way out, and y'all were like, yeah, we'll go with you.
[SPEAKER_26]: We'll hang out with you.
[SPEAKER_26]: And y'all didn't have to.
[SPEAKER_26]: You had other options.
[SPEAKER_26]: And that meant a lot to me.
[SPEAKER_26]: and all three of you.
[SPEAKER_26]: And, you know, it's helped me do a lot of other amazing things.
[SPEAKER_26]: Hanging out with Jamie at TwitchCon, talking about pinball and stuff and, you know, learning more about Minecraft through watching Matt's YouTube, which everybody should go subscribe to LokiOLR.
[SPEAKER_26]: And how.
[SPEAKER_26]: Yeah, and doing a lot of...
[SPEAKER_26]: doing a lot of the convention stuff, learning from watching Rob do some convention moderating and hosting and things.
[SPEAKER_07]: Whatever.
[SPEAKER_26]: You do your own just fine.
[SPEAKER_26]: I do, but I learn from other people.
[SPEAKER_11]: I learn by watching other people.
[SPEAKER_11]: That's true.
[SPEAKER_11]: That's fair.
[SPEAKER_26]: And yeah, and so that's like now I'm part of the Games Done Quick organization.
[SPEAKER_26]: I will be at Awesome Games Done Quick in a month and a half.
[SPEAKER_26]: Yay!
[SPEAKER_26]: Doing that for the 11th time, so please watch in January, Benefiting the Prevent Cancer Foundation.
[SPEAKER_26]: I don't know when, I just know I'm going to be there.
[SPEAKER_26]: But thank you, because I'm sure my life would have been fine, but I think it's better with y'all in it.
[SPEAKER_26]: And so that's all.
[SPEAKER_26]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_26]: Stop!
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_07]: You're making me cry, asshole.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you, Bobby.
[SPEAKER_26]: January 21st, 1979.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay, I hate you again.
[SPEAKER_07]: Until next time, Bobby.
[SPEAKER_02]: For the record, you would still be the only person I would consider selling my Doctor Who to.
[SPEAKER_07]: Aw, thank you.
[SPEAKER_07]: Brad's going to be very angry at you for saying that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Brad has to come here and plead his case.
[SPEAKER_07]: Bobby, I just so appreciate that we have been able to be on a similar journey.
[SPEAKER_07]: since I mean before 2012 but since 2012 we have done a lot of really cool shit together and I know we're going to continue to so yeah thank you thank you for being a part of it being the opening act but really you know how we feel the co-headliner yeah so all right
[SPEAKER_07]: and you will be here next week.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_07]: I am still going.
[SPEAKER_07]: You will not have a four hour show.
[SPEAKER_07]: No, I will not.
[SPEAKER_07]: So people can carve out the time.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yep.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Take care, my friend.
[SPEAKER_07]: Bye.
[SPEAKER_07]: Did he do the DarkSakura thing on the way out?
[SPEAKER_07]: I think he did.
[SPEAKER_07]: Wait, what?
[SPEAKER_07]: Because, you know, later taters, he did the little thing.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, my God.
[SPEAKER_07]: I love it.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's it for calls.
[SPEAKER_07]: We do have some more emails and then we want to get to our final thoughts.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I have some social media posts.
[SPEAKER_07]: So if you need a break, DarkSakura, I have some blue sky posts I can get through.
[SPEAKER_07]: So DarkSakura, more emails.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'll get to a few of these.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hello, OLR crew.
[SPEAKER_02]: And by the way, if you have signed your name on this one, any of these emails, I'm going to read what you signed.
[SPEAKER_02]: Fair enough.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hello, OLR crew.
[SPEAKER_02]: This is titled, Thanks for All the Years.
[SPEAKER_02]: I've been listening to you guys on and off for the better half of two decades.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think originally I listened to you on my PSP back then I was working in Venezuela, and it was a way of keeping myself informed on what's happening in games, but at the same time, I just love the novelty of being able to use my portable PlayStation as a gaming and also podcast device.
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_02]: I can't explain why, because you are very different in the way I am and what I do for a living for the most part of my life, but most definitely felt some kind of connection.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, you've managed to hit the 1000th episode, putting you into the Guinness Book
[SPEAKER_02]: Wow.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, I would say in the last couple of years or so, especially just as you were crawling up to your 1000th episode, I was listening regularly as I have two gaming podcasts that I consider to be very valuable to me in the way you present and banter about games.
[SPEAKER_02]: And that's you and DLC with Jeff Kanata.
[SPEAKER_02]: So anyway, to cut a long story short, I'm currently into my sixth year running my own company that specializes in sim racing steering wheels and accessories.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's a real niche.
[SPEAKER_02]: I bet my hubby probably has seen your stuff before because we were really into sim racing for a while.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's a real niche, but it is in the gaming sector.
[SPEAKER_02]: And to a certain degree, I would say you guys have inspired me to hold on to gaming and do it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's call it a commercial baby that you helped make.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because just like the guys from DLC, we're all old farts now.
[SPEAKER_02]: And all those young kids and streamers that haven't lived through how far gaming has come in all these years.
[SPEAKER_02]: and then anyway, you look at this and somehow it feels like we're a dying breed, the old gamers.
[SPEAKER_02]: Just as retro gaming is coming back and things are possible that we couldn't have imagined such as VR where now you can now play Halo and Quake as ported PC games on an old, I'm sorry, on an Android device strapped to your face.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't think I would have said that about 20 years ago anyway just wanted to say thank you for all the fish I'll be missing you guys in game on best regards Mark that's mvhstudios.co.uk thank you for that it's so neat to hear from people we haven't heard from in a long time or ever so that's yeah thank you for the email I appreciate it okay I'm gonna read one more and then you can do some blue skies okay
[SPEAKER_02]: Hello, Alar!
[SPEAKER_02]: We know who this is, and the subject is In the Groove.
[SPEAKER_02]: Excellent choice for the Pence Ultimate Classic Game of the Week.
[SPEAKER_02]: In the Groove holds a special place in my heart, specifically because of something that it did very well in its 2004-2007 heyday, and that DDR did not.
[SPEAKER_02]: DDR had a wide variety of great music, but most of its old maniac-heavy step charts sat firmly in the 7-9 difficulty range.
[SPEAKER_02]: After playing for several years, there was a growing population of players that had mastered those levels and were looking for something more challenging.
[SPEAKER_02]: But all of DDR's 10-footers came in one flavor, hard techno, created and charted specifically to be very hard DDR songs.
[SPEAKER_02]: And the group featured a selection of actual dance music created for dancing and not for rhythm games, with step charts ranging in difficulty from 9 to 12.
[SPEAKER_02]: Most of the charts flowed very well and weren't merely created to be hard but to be fun.
[SPEAKER_02]: I had a great time and spent many hours playing 10s and 11s that were certainly challenging but were also really fun to play.
[SPEAKER_02]: By comparison, when DDR Supernova released in 2006, the vast majority of its new expert and challenge charts were rated 6 through 8.
[SPEAKER_02]: and of what few new tens we got most were super hard boss songs created for the sake of being hard not necessarily to be fun
[SPEAKER_02]: Over the years, beginning with DDRX series and continuing through today, this problem was fixed.
[SPEAKER_02]: DDR now contains a wide range of step charts for extra players as well as beginners with over 9,000 total step charts across 1,300 plus songs.
[SPEAKER_02]: But in 2007, despite being a, quote, ripoff, this was in the group's greatest strength and DDR's greatest weakness.
[SPEAKER_02]: So that's it.
[SPEAKER_02]: My last email to OLR.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't have much to say that I haven't said already or that won't be echoed by others.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I'll just say thank you very much for supporting me and my indie game developments dating back to Snake 360 in 2008 all the way back through today.
[SPEAKER_02]: No, all the way through today.
[SPEAKER_02]: I hope you'll look forward to next year's planned release of the newest version of that same game now called Snake Party Extreme.
[SPEAKER_02]: I hope to finally release Bungie Ferret Tossing 1.5 as well.
[SPEAKER_02]: Sorry, Jamie, I never got around to creating a Tempest ripoff called Vectords, but if I had in between levels, you would have been rewarded with a super crapper recharge.
[SPEAKER_02]: Bye!
[SPEAKER_07]: That's pretty good.
[SPEAKER_02]: Life is incomplete.
[SPEAKER_02]: All of the best to the three of you and to every member of the community you built.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hugs, AaronYYR.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you, YYR.
[SPEAKER_07]: I already said this to you, and we're going to hit the four-hour mark tonight.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you for everything.
[SPEAKER_07]: You literally have immortalized us in games, and that is...
[SPEAKER_07]: How many podcast people can say that?
[SPEAKER_07]: There's a few, but not that many.
[SPEAKER_32]: You took my poop idea and made it live.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's sure right.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let me get through.
[SPEAKER_32]: You gave my poop life.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let me do some Blue Sky here and give you a break.
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkTutsia messages us on Blue Sky.
[SPEAKER_07]: By the way, we will still be on Blue Sky at OrangeLaundry.com.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know what we'll use it for, but we'll figure it out.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: So DarkTutsia says, most of what I wanted to say was already in the email from a couple weeks ago.
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_07]: from Critical Myth.
[SPEAKER_07]: Remember Critical Myth?
[SPEAKER_07]: Also a show here on VOG Network for a very long time.
[SPEAKER_07]: Did a lot of great TV reviews.
[SPEAKER_07]: Great crew, but John Kay runs the account and John's a great guy who says, in a very real sense, OLR was the reason I met so many awesome members of the VOG family, including the hosts of Anime Jam Session, who I've hung out with for years now.
[SPEAKER_07]: And several years ago, they introduced me to my current partner.
[SPEAKER_07]: So OLR changed my life.
[SPEAKER_07]: Wild, wild.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, and I've mentioned this before.
[SPEAKER_07]: OLR brought me closer to the guy I ended up marrying.
[SPEAKER_07]: I didn't meet him through OLR, but I met him through LiveJournal, and I think OLR was a way for him to, like...
[SPEAKER_07]: See Me During the Week, if that makes sense, and gave us something to kind of talk about for a while.
[SPEAKER_07]: So yeah, I mean, it changed mine too, that's for sure.
[SPEAKER_07]: A few of you really sent some nice messages when you were posting about listening tonight, including Elliot B. I caught that name because I haven't seen that name in a while.
[SPEAKER_07]: Elliot B. said, I've been listening to this show since iTunes introduced podcasts in 2005.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you to the hosts for their dedication and congrats on an incredible run.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you for messaging that.
[SPEAKER_07]: And then along those lines, Blue Swim, who sent an awesome picture of our show burned to CDs earlier this week, said, Tonight, the podcast that made me want to become a podcaster, Orange Launch Radio, ends their world record 23 and a half year run.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you for so much laughter, so many moments, and the countless hours of enjoyment since I started listening back around 2005 on my Sony mini disc player.
[SPEAKER_07]: Incredible.
[SPEAKER_07]: Tiara slipped into our messages, and they said, it's the end of an era.
[SPEAKER_07]: If it wasn't for OLR, I would have never met my dear friend, Rob K. Rob introduced me to my husband, and Dan and I have been married for more than 13 years now.
[SPEAKER_07]: Funny how something as innocuous as a gaming podcast can change one's life forever.
[SPEAKER_07]: This is...
[SPEAKER_07]: It's incredibly humbling to hear these different stories.
[SPEAKER_07]: I've got one more message here.
[SPEAKER_07]: I might have a DM.
[SPEAKER_07]: I got to screen it first, but I have one more message here from Bryguy who says, Thank you, Orange Launch Radio, for 23 years of gaming news.
[SPEAKER_07]: I started listening to you as a 16-year-old.
[SPEAKER_07]: with a PSP hidden under a pillow.
[SPEAKER_07]: All these years later, you guys made my one hour and 30 minute commute to work manageable.
[SPEAKER_07]: You guys were always like friends I never met.
[SPEAKER_07]: Best of luck with future projects.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you for all of the nice messages.
[SPEAKER_07]: I got a quick message.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay, I'm going to read this DM.
[SPEAKER_07]: Last DM here from AJ.
[SPEAKER_07]: This is wild.
[SPEAKER_07]: Sorry, AJ.
[SPEAKER_07]: Did I say DJ?
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_07]: Y'all, it's four hours.
[SPEAKER_07]: The batteries are running out.
[SPEAKER_07]: AJ Twist says, I don't know if this is fun, but fun fact, I was in a car accident while listening to OLR one Monday night 10 years ago.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I'm assuming podcast feed Monday night.
[SPEAKER_07]: Someone ran a red light.
[SPEAKER_07]: I was fine.
[SPEAKER_07]: The car was totaled.
[SPEAKER_07]: Also, one of my favorite episodes was one without Rob, just Loki and DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_07]: Wow, thanks.
[SPEAKER_02]: I remember having such a hard time running everything.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was at my house.
[SPEAKER_07]: I know where I fit in this.
[SPEAKER_07]: I know the intention there and that's fine.
[SPEAKER_07]: I forgive you, I guess.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thanks again for all the years of OLR.
[SPEAKER_07]: See you around.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, we got a quick message.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay, y'all gotta save.
[SPEAKER_07]: Everybody in chat's yelling, save Part B. No, it's all backed up on Twitch now.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's the good news.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: That was the dumbest thing I ever did was splitting the show into Part A and Part B. It was to...
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm not even going to try to justify it now.
[SPEAKER_07]: It was a bad decision, so I'm glad we fixed that.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: It made sense at the time.
[SPEAKER_07]: This is a great, yeah, it made sense at the time, but no, it didn't.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'll do emails after that, and then if you have more of those.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay, I got one more message from Spike from Game Boy, and here it is.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'd hoped to call in tonight, but we had a small situation offline to deal with.
[SPEAKER_07]: However, Orange Lounge Radio changed my life for good, and I just wanted to be sure to state that plainly.
[SPEAKER_07]: The community is better for what y'all have done.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm so serious.
[SPEAKER_07]: I can't wait to see what you do next.
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura, emails.
[SPEAKER_02]: This is titled, Thank you for 23 years of OLR.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hi, I'm just sending a quick message to say good luck with the final show and thank you all for taking time out of your Sunday evenings to give us this show for so many years.
[SPEAKER_02]: I've been listening to this show since discovering it on All Games through Bobby's show around 2008.
[SPEAKER_02]: OLR comes from an era in podcasting internet shows
[SPEAKER_02]: When the motivation was purely driven by love for the hobby and you've managed to keep that right up to 2025.
[SPEAKER_02]: Whatever you all decide to do in the future, big or small, I'll definitely be checking it out.
[SPEAKER_02]: This comes from Wayne.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thanks, Wayne.
[SPEAKER_07]: Appreciate that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Appreciate the sentiment that you'll keep checking things out.
[SPEAKER_07]: I really appreciate that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_02]: This one is titled, I hope this is not too late.
[SPEAKER_02]: No, it's not.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's okay if it's not right on air, but cool if you want to.
[SPEAKER_02]: I procrastinated.
[SPEAKER_02]: I kept putting off writing this email because I didn't know exactly what to say.
[SPEAKER_02]: Unless all good things must come to an end and it's humbling to be reminded that nothing, sorry, lasts forever.
[SPEAKER_02]: I just want to thank you all for 15 plus years of amazing live shows.
[SPEAKER_02]: I discovered you while browsing the web with the PSP browser before Loki's app.
[SPEAKER_07]: Is this from MissingNo?
[SPEAKER_07]: They also sent this on Blue Sky.
[SPEAKER_07]: I already read it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Sorry.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay, so you already read it.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's okay.
[SPEAKER_07]: Good job.
[SPEAKER_07]: Good job, Missy.
[SPEAKER_02]: Was it while I was trying to pee?
[SPEAKER_07]: Firing on all the silos.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, it was while you were about to break.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Don't cry because it's over.
[SPEAKER_02]: Smile because it happened.
[SPEAKER_02]: A little late for that.
[SPEAKER_02]: No, I'm serious.
[SPEAKER_02]: God, my nose is itching now.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hi, Rob, Jamie, and Loki.
[SPEAKER_02]: I was a little shocked to hear the news that you wouldn't be doing a show any longer.
[SPEAKER_02]: I was a listener a long time ago, lapsed, and then had really gotten back into listening when I rediscovered you on Spotify toward the end of this year.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm not sure if this email will make the final show.
[SPEAKER_02]: Spoiler alert, it did.
[SPEAKER_02]: As I know you have a call-in special episode planned.
[SPEAKER_02]: I live in the UK, so making the live show is unfortunately a bit tricky.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think I joined back when there was an IRC, so 07.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think FUs of the Week was a thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: Although features may have come and passed, the core has always stayed true.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's what I forgot tonight was FUs of the Week.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, well.
[SPEAKER_07]: I have an FU.
[SPEAKER_07]: We're at four hours, so...
[SPEAKER_02]: I knew it would be long.
[SPEAKER_07]: We all knew it would be long, and we don't care.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_02]: As per the subject line, it's amazing the dedication you guys have put out into this show.
[SPEAKER_02]: And it's always been really refreshing to hear voices and opinions that can be truly honest.
[SPEAKER_02]: You've never shied away from your true opinions or been beholden to shareholders, etc.,
[SPEAKER_02]: I really respect you needing time away from a permanent scheduled thing and will hopefully follow you to future ventures.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's been brought up the state of the industry seems to be on a crappy downhill trajectory.
[SPEAKER_02]: The prevalence of venture capital firms and rampant shareholders, capitalism, the excessive overuse of the AI really make it all a bit of a depressing outlook.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hopefully the big gaming companies will realize the customers are who pays their bills and if they don't
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, I guess smaller studios and indies will always have a place.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hopefully, U.S.
[SPEAKER_02]: politics will level out in the coming years.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's horrible to think that, as Rob mentioned, his marriage could be up for nullification at a legal level.
[SPEAKER_02]: That didn't go, by the way.
[SPEAKER_02]: And will everything gesture broadly toward Washington?
[SPEAKER_02]: I wish you all the best in life, and please know your effect on the world goes further than you think.
[SPEAKER_02]: You are very much appreciated and loved.
[SPEAKER_02]: Carl, Southampton, England.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you for the lovely note.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't even know what to say to that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's very impactful and touching.
[SPEAKER_07]: And thank you for sending it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: I did want to just say, at least there was some good news.
[SPEAKER_02]: Last show, Dearest OLR.
[SPEAKER_02]: Dearest.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's just very classy.
[SPEAKER_07]: It is very classy.
[SPEAKER_07]: Is it written in calligraphy?
[SPEAKER_02]: No.
[SPEAKER_02]: Thank you all for the shows over the years.
[SPEAKER_02]: You guys did an excellent job and deserve a place in the Podcast Hall of Fame.
[SPEAKER_02]: We have been listening since around 2008.
[SPEAKER_02]: We found you on iTunes and since have listened to the podcast on all devices capable and then live on VOG, then live on Twitch.
[SPEAKER_02]: Take care and hope only for the best for you three.
[SPEAKER_02]: Sincerely, Mike and Jeanette SheHulk.
[SPEAKER_02]: P.S.
[SPEAKER_02]: My F.U.
[SPEAKER_02]: of the week is getting old sucks.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yes, it does.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yes!
[SPEAKER_02]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_02]: One last email.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh my god.
[SPEAKER_02]: And it says thank you for everything.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_02]: I might cry.
[SPEAKER_02]: I know who this is.
[SPEAKER_11]: Who is it?
[SPEAKER_02]: I just wanted to pop in and say thank you for being my weekly ritual since 2005 since then I have subscribed and listened to many others over the years but it was Orange Lounge that I faithfully made sure to listen to during my work week every week thank you all for making this world a little bit easier to live in especially now and for giving us your time, love, and energy over the years you have been a blessing to many including myself sincerely, Terry in Kentucky thank you for that
[SPEAKER_07]: it's wild to hear from people that we just haven't before um thank you all for your meaningful messages your phone calls your bleats your emails and just letting us know you give a shit it means it really means a lot and uh just really goes to show um I don't even know I don't even know what to say just like just just allowing us to have that sort of impact I so appreciate uh
[SPEAKER_07]: you all and um you know again part of the reason this is this is just another evolution and I think I'm having a little nosebleed oh no okay um I hope everything's okay okay all right yeah it's it's it's just a little I'm trying not to get it on camera because you know I don't want to be taken down all right um
[SPEAKER_07]: We've gotten through all the emails.
[SPEAKER_07]: I give you the email address, but well, you don't need it.
[SPEAKER_07]: We threw all the bleats.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'll keep peeking at it over the next week.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, if you really need to get in touch with it, it'll still be open, but there's a lot of spam to get through.
[SPEAKER_07]: And of course, we're all reachable on social media.
[SPEAKER_07]: We're very accessible.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I think many of you have said such kind things about like, oh, I couldn't believe I got to meet you in person.
[SPEAKER_07]: And oh, I saw you at such and such thing.
[SPEAKER_07]: We are...
[SPEAKER_07]: incredibly normal fucking people that have been very fortunate to have this little platform that we learned how to build for ourselves 23 years ago and we are not our egos are in check enough that we are not unapproachable people and please reach out and say hello anytime
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura has a stream very regularly that you can pop in and say hello Loki has YouTube comments you can very regularly pop on and say hello I am addicted to Blue Sky you can always message me on there and I will at least give your comment a heart as long as you're not being mean so we're very accessible and we are not
[SPEAKER_07]: on some high platform where we are not going to listen to you or say hello or whatever.
[SPEAKER_07]: So yeah, reach out.
[SPEAKER_07]: Reach out anytime.
[SPEAKER_07]: With that, I would usually have a spiel here about next week and all that, but I don't need to say it.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I will say the ending is going to be a little different tonight.
[SPEAKER_07]: It will be on YouTube, and I would encourage the podcast listeners to check it out on YouTube.
[SPEAKER_07]: I will also say we will not be back to read bits and subs tonight, because we just choose to end artistically with what we have to show at the end here.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I will just say in advance, I saw the hype trains and the bits and subs.
[SPEAKER_07]: I just want to say thank you, even though we're not taking a moment to acknowledge it all.
[SPEAKER_07]: individually.
[SPEAKER_07]: I do just want to give a big heartfelt thank you to all of you that really showed the coin and keep VOG Network going and on to the next thing.
[SPEAKER_07]: We have some new follows tonight and that makes me hopeful going great.
[SPEAKER_07]: People aren't subbing just because they think it's the end because it's not the end.
[SPEAKER_07]: Bobby's still going to be here.
[SPEAKER_07]: Game buoy, anime jam session, British invaders, dot, dot, dot.
[SPEAKER_05]: So things don't die.
[SPEAKER_02]: They just change.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: The only thing that's left is our final thoughts.
[SPEAKER_07]: I have a lot.
[SPEAKER_07]: But I'm going to start with Jamie.
[SPEAKER_07]: So, Jamie?
[SPEAKER_02]: Why not reject false icons?
[SPEAKER_02]: Fact check every fucking thing that you see online.
[SPEAKER_02]: And... Thank you?
[SPEAKER_17]: I...
[SPEAKER_17]: Yeah, thank you.
[SPEAKER_17]: And... You're welcome.
[SPEAKER_17]: I had to.
[SPEAKER_32]: For fuck's sake, Rob.
[SPEAKER_02]: For fuck's sake.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's my final thought.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_02]: No, and there are other things on the horizon.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm going to keep streaming.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm going to keep podcasting because I'm a loudmouth, you know, bitch who's got stuff to say.
[SPEAKER_07]: Being in total control of herself.
[SPEAKER_02]: No, no, I'm a bitch, okay?
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm just being a bitch.
[SPEAKER_02]: I will admit it.
[SPEAKER_02]: I am spiteful.
[SPEAKER_02]: 90% of what I do is motivated by spite.
[SPEAKER_02]: So you tell me I can't do something, well, fuck you, I'm gonna do it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Within reason.
[SPEAKER_02]: But yeah, I can't, yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't have words, I just have feels.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I don't know what all my feels are right now, but I am...
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm going to offer a nice good bitch fest a little bit later on, so if you need to come and vent, I'll be here to listen.
[SPEAKER_02]: In other words, you are streaming after the show tonight, so... Well, yeah, because if I don't stream after the show, I'm going to go drink, okay?
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm going to drink, and it's going to be ugly, and then I'm going to watch the second season of Tokyo Ghoul.
[SPEAKER_02]: I just finished the first season in two days.
[SPEAKER_07]: Please check chat.
[SPEAKER_07]: There's a lot of kind words for you in there.
[SPEAKER_02]: I saw.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's why I'm getting more.
[SPEAKER_32]: God damn it.
[SPEAKER_32]: Stop it.
[SPEAKER_32]: Actually, don't stop because I love you all.
[SPEAKER_17]: Loki, your final thought.
[SPEAKER_17]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_17]: I'm going to try to get through this.
[SPEAKER_17]: Let's see.
[SPEAKER_10]: There's a lot that you take for granted with doing something for as long as we've done it.
[SPEAKER_13]: It's always, it's hard to, especially when you're at the precipice of doing something different, it's hard to not be scared for the future when you're, like I said, we've been doing this for 23 and a half years.
[SPEAKER_13]: and it is gonna be it's gonna be an adjustment but I'm very hopeful and looking forward to what that ends up being but really I mean I don't think I say it enough but really thankful to all of the listeners those in the podcast those who come here every week live really appreciate you guys really appreciate you being here being a part of our lives for this song
[SPEAKER_13]: It's just... It's been holding back all these emotions.
[SPEAKER_13]: Well, not even holding back, but trying to stave off all this stuff for the entire episode.
[SPEAKER_13]: It's been rough, but... No, I... I really appreciate it.
[SPEAKER_13]: And it's been so nice to hear how we've impacted other people.
[SPEAKER_13]: Honestly, a lot of times I don't really consciously think about that.
[SPEAKER_13]: And it's just nice to know that we have that kind of meeting for people, because...
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know, sometimes you don't really feel that so I love you guys
[SPEAKER_07]: I am going to leave someone out of this, but I'm going to try anyway.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you first and foremost to my co-hosts Jamie and Matt for doing this for 23 and a half years.
[SPEAKER_07]: No one else has done it this long together.
[SPEAKER_07]: I have missed this being in person, but I get it.
[SPEAKER_07]: COVID screwed everything up.
[SPEAKER_07]: But I hope we will be able to get together like we did when we saw Clue last week.
[SPEAKER_07]: Post DDR mozzarella sticks, road trips to Svigel once in a while would be incredible.
[SPEAKER_07]: I truly want nothing but success for you both in your future projects.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I know I will never say never to getting the band back together if something very special necessitates it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you to VXJasonXV, the fifth co-host of this show, after the chatroom, for the technical and the hosting help for many years, and for the dedication to do voiceovers every week.
[SPEAKER_07]: This show would not have survived this long without Jason's support.
[SPEAKER_07]: That is facts.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you to Bobby Blackwolf.
[SPEAKER_07]: He says he's the opening act.
[SPEAKER_07]: I like to think you have his co-headliner.
[SPEAKER_07]: You've said that already.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you for finding our show and being with us on this journey that brought us to VOG.
[SPEAKER_07]: I personally appreciate our professional journeys running on parallel tracks.
[SPEAKER_07]: You have been an excellent business collaborator for something like 20 of these 23 years.
[SPEAKER_07]: I need everyone to support Bobby.
[SPEAKER_07]: He's going to be flying solo for a bit, but not forever.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you to Scott Rubin, Derek H, and everyone that was a part of All Games Radio for allowing us to lift up each other's communities when we needed it.
[SPEAKER_07]: All Games was such an important milestone on our journey, and my favorite E3 is always going to be the one where we all got together at the arena to do live broadcasts and shows, even if I know someone lost a lot of money on that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you to all of the other shows on the Voice of Geeks Network in addition to Bobby that continue to pave the way.
[SPEAKER_07]: British Invaders, GameBee.org, Anime Jam Session.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you to the contributors in the past as well.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yes, that would include Starboard Power Coupling.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's a real pleasure to work with grown-ups.
[SPEAKER_07]: I know that sounds rude.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm really glad everyone has been on board with this vision of doing the thing and being professional about it and including as many voices as possible that want to come along for the ride.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I look forward to seeing how I can contribute in a different way to VOG in the future.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you, of course, to my pod daddy, Travis Donovan, for showing me that any idiot could podcast.
[SPEAKER_07]: in all seriousness, we have never hidden that this show was a spinoff of Sorts of Under Sedation Live.
[SPEAKER_07]: And while the show we are now is a very different format from where we started, USL set a large part of that template to get us started.
[SPEAKER_07]: And on a personal note with Travis,
[SPEAKER_07]: I also have to thank Travis in large part for connecting me with DragonCon.
[SPEAKER_07]: If he's not here, it's probably a big part of why.
[SPEAKER_07]: I do hope the recovery is going well, Travis.
[SPEAKER_07]: From those days, I want to acknowledge and thank Jessica Harper, Evan, Jenna, and the other key players in those number one reality radio years.
[SPEAKER_07]: Good luck and continued success to all of the other gaming podcasters out there, especially those that look to lift each other up.
[SPEAKER_07]: I have really enjoyed getting to know so many different kinds of broadcasters from this little hobby.
[SPEAKER_07]: It would seem weird not to thank video game makers in all of this.
[SPEAKER_07]: Like there is a distinct lack of thank yous online to the people that work hard to make fun fucking video games.
[SPEAKER_07]: So please let me give a heartfelt thank you to the people on the front lines battling an industry that does not always have their, in fact, often doesn't have their best interests first for creating incredible art.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you for being here from episode one.
[SPEAKER_07]: YYR.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you for the games.
[SPEAKER_07]: And Ranma, I think you're probably the most frequent caller ever and you've contributed a lot with video work over the years.
[SPEAKER_07]: So thank you.
[SPEAKER_07]: On some personal notes, I'm not done yet.
[SPEAKER_07]: I want to thank all my friends I've sucked into coming on this program over the years.
[SPEAKER_07]: From my roommate Brian that let this show take over his grandma's old home in 2002.
[SPEAKER_07]: To my roommate Johnny that let it take over the garage.
[SPEAKER_07]: To when Extifer and I were roomies.
[SPEAKER_07]: To my friends at Konami that helped legitimize this show, in a way, with E3 2004.
[SPEAKER_07]: To everyone that supported this project in some way, thank you.
[SPEAKER_17]: I knew this would be the part.
[SPEAKER_07]: And now I'm choking.
[SPEAKER_17]: Stop it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Water goes down that pipe.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hold on.
[SPEAKER_07]: Intentional silence.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's a good thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm trying not to get lipstick on Sonic.
[SPEAKER_07]: And of course, a special shout out to the best guest we ever had on this program.
[SPEAKER_07]: My mother, especially that episode where she commented on Mortal Kombat 9.
[SPEAKER_17]: I'm glad I got to meet your mom.
[SPEAKER_07]: Fuck.
[SPEAKER_07]: Ooh, January 1979.
[SPEAKER_07]: January 1979.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you to my current boss Carol for being a listener and not telling the rest of the team how often I say fuck on the internet and making it literally impossible for me to quit podcasting altogether.
[SPEAKER_07]: I know it's cliche but from the bottom of my heart thank you to all of you in the community.
[SPEAKER_07]: You have been the lifeblood of this show for so many years.
[SPEAKER_07]: Everyone who has ever reached out to send some love, thank you.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's a surreal thing to be able to show up at any city in the nation and likely know somebody here, there, thanks to the podcast.
[SPEAKER_07]: And the stories I could share about some of those visits, but maybe if I ever write the book.
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_07]: Help some of you in your journey to be your most authentic self.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I really... I really can't put into words how meaningful this has been to me.
[SPEAKER_07]: Fucking look at me.
[SPEAKER_07]: And made all the work.
[SPEAKER_07]: At nights, I was really low on spoons.
[SPEAKER_07]: But pushed myself to work that puss and do the show anyway worth it.
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_07]: This show has taken over your life as well as mine, and we've had to carve out our Sundays for many years.
[SPEAKER_07]: And without getting too sappy disgusting, I am very lucky to have a husband that has put up with all of this for the entirety of our relationship.
[SPEAKER_32]: Anything else, then?
[SPEAKER_32]: To Dan, as well.
[SPEAKER_10]: Yeah, Nelly.
[SPEAKER_32]: Yeah, and I mean...
[SPEAKER_02]: I have many words that I can't make right now because of reasons.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm a little overwhelmed.
[SPEAKER_31]: Damn it, Slag Kick.
[SPEAKER_13]: And I tried, you guys, but my kids didn't want to take over the show, so I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, there's...
[SPEAKER_02]: You know, every time DarkTesia says fucking Joga, I'm thinking of Bjork instead.
[SPEAKER_02]: I just think of Bjork.
[SPEAKER_07]: Which is a great song in her discography.
[SPEAKER_02]: It is actually my favorite Bjork song.
[SPEAKER_17]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't think that things have sunk in
[SPEAKER_02]: that we're not doing this next week.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I think that's kind of why I planned the marathon next week as well, to distract myself from the fact that we're not doing this next week.
[SPEAKER_02]: Does that make sense?
[SPEAKER_10]: No, I'm definitely on board with that.
[SPEAKER_02]: But what's the phrase, so long and thanks for all the fish?
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, I have one thing left that I'm going to read and then I'm going to roll the credits.
[SPEAKER_32]: You better work!
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm kidding.
[SPEAKER_07]: But before I say this last bit here, I know there's a lot of sad, I know there's a lot of emotion, I know there's a lot of like, but like, there's a lot of celebration too.
[SPEAKER_07]: We did the damn thing.
[SPEAKER_07]: And a lot of this has been motivated out of spite for people that said we couldn't.
[SPEAKER_02]: I told you.
[SPEAKER_07]: but we set a record together the three of us and all of you along for the ride and that's that's just something not everybody's going to get to experience in life with that to everyone including those I forgot thank you so much for making room for our show in your life whether it's been the past month
[SPEAKER_07]: or the past 23 years.
[SPEAKER_07]: And while the show is done, the vision continues.
[SPEAKER_07]: Video games are fun, goddammit.
[SPEAKER_07]: Stop fighting about them online and have a seat at the diner table.
[SPEAKER_07]: Ingest some carbs and talk about your shared passion.
[SPEAKER_07]: This is a hobby that can really bring people together as it has for us all of these years.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you for letting us share our fandom together at this table.
[SPEAKER_07]: But for now, the restaurant is closed for the night and the waitstaff wants to go home.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's time to put those mozzarella sticks in a to-go box, get in the car, and go home.
[SPEAKER_07]: Drive safe.
[SPEAKER_17]: Good night.
[SPEAKER_17]: Good night, everyone.
[SPEAKER_21]: Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
[SPEAKER_21]: The views and opinions expressed on this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network.
[SPEAKER_21]: But after all these years, you know they were all still true.
[SPEAKER_21]: End of line.